Burt:	Why didn't you show up for class this morning?	
Kevin:	I don't even want to talk about it.  My car broke down.	
Burt:	What happened?	
Kevin:	The engine seems to be busted.  It's driving me crazy!	
Burt:	Wow.  Have you thought about getting a new car?	
Kevin:	Yeah, I've thought about that, but I can't afford a new car.  I'm broke.	
Burt:	Maybe you can lease a car.  It doesn't cost much.  I know Toyota is running a promotion.	
Kevin:	Really?  How much is it?	
Burt:	Zero down and $219 per month.	
Kevin:	That's a good deal.  I might wanna consider it
With huge traffic and busy people in Bangalore, found difficulty when their car has broken down on the road.
Even roads are good but puncture are very common. Many professional companies are helping commuters with their local fleet and mechanics are available at their rescue.
Majority of the breakdowns are battery and punctures and some are major car breakdown that includes grear failure or clucth issues.
Car owners still want to avail for towing services even if that is only battery jump start.
Mechanics in Bangalore tow the vehicle at their workshop for major car breakdown.
Simple tasks that can make your car last longer.
1) Check the Engine Oil
Do it regularlyómonthly for a vehicle in good condition; more often if you notice an oil leak or find you need to add oil routinely. The car should be parked on level ground so you can get an accurate dipstick reading. Donít overfill. And if you do have a leak, find and fix it soon.
2) Check Tire Air Pressure
Once a month and before any extended road trips, use an accurate tire-pressure gauge to check the inflation pressure in each tire, including the spare. Do this when the tires are cold (before the vehicle has been driven or after no more than a couple of miles of driving). Use the inflation pressure recommended by the vehicleís manufacturer, not the maximum pressure embossed on the tireís sidewall. The recommended pressure is usually found on a placard on a front doorjamb, in the glove compartment, or in the ownerís manual. Also be sure to inspect tires for abnormal or uneven wear, cuts, and any sidewall bulges you can see
3) Wash the Car
Try to wash the car every week, if you can.
Wash the body and, if necessary, hose out the fender wells and undercarriage to remove dirt and road salt. Itís time to wax the finish when water beads become larger than a quarter.
4) Other Checks at Each Oil Change
For normal driving, many automakers recommend changing the engine oil and filter every 7,500 miles or six months, whichever comes first. This is sufficient for the majority of motorists. For ìsevereî drivingówith frequent, very cold starts and short trips, dusty conditions, or trailer towingóthe change interval should be shortened to every 3,000 miles or three months. (Check your ownerís manual for the specific intervals recommended for your vehicle.) 
Special engines such as diesels and turbocharged engines may need more-frequent oil changes.
1. Get the vehicle out of the roadway: If a problem arises while driving, turn the car to the side of the road and out of the flow of traffic as soon as it is safe to do so.
Take care in getting out of the vehicle ñ it is best to exit from the side of the car that faces away from traffic, which may be the passenger side door.
2. Make your car visible: When you have brought the car to a stop out of the way of traffic, indicate that you are stopped by using your emergency flashers. 
Reflective triangles, road flares, and small orange cones can be used to alert other drivers to your location. 
If you can safely exit the car, raise the hood and hang something white out the window or tie it to a side view mirror to alert other drivers to proceed around you.
3.Call for help: The next step on the list is to call roadside assistance or the police to alert them to your predicament.
4. Assess the situation: If you know that you can tackle the issue yourself (if your car has run out of petrol, for example, and thereís a service station nearby), go ahead.
5. If your car has a flat tyre, do not change it unless it can be done safely: 
If the flat is one the side of the car away from traffic and you can address it without putting yourself in danger from other vehicles, then do so. 
However, safety takes precedence over scheduling or other concerns ñ it is better to wait for a tow if changing the tyre would put you in harmís way.
6. Learn how to repair your car: If you can positively identify the problem, know how to address it, and can do so safely, then go ahead.
7. Be careful with strangers: While there are plenty of good-hearted people out there whose only intention is to help,
the world also has its share of jerks that will take advantage of another person down on his or her luck.
Fuelling Type4
Flat/Drain Battery
Zoom Car ó No help from Zoom for 4 hours on the highway after a breakdown. Instead charged for 5k for vehicle damages.
This is a major cause of roadside callouts.Drivers who use their cars for short,frequent trips are infact at a higher risk of this problem.
This is because short trips do not give the battery enough time to recharge.
To ensure you are fully charged,invest intelligent charger to connect the battery for long period.
Leaving headlight running at night would drain the battery.
A common cause of the breakdown is linked to the fuelling problems,yet it is the easiest to prevent.
Alternator Has Fault
Always facing the battery related issues ?Also the headlight are dimming when the engine is idle?If so,your alternator could be having the fault.
When the temperature of the engine rises rapidly,and the ignition warning light comes on,it could mean that the alternator driving belt and the water pump is damaged or broken.Once the alternator stops working,the battery doesnot charge well and the engine is likely to cut out.
Clutch Cables Replacement
The clutch cable is a part of the vehicle that is exposed to lot of problems in the vehicle.
Should it break ,that can be serious problem.T
he moment you notice changes in the feel of the clutch when the peddle is pressed,have it checked immediately
HighTension Leads
High tension leads transport large amounts of the voltage to the spark plugs,and tend to get worse with age,making it difficult for the car to start.
If you are having trouble starting your car,have your ignition system checked.
Electrical Issues
Electrical faults are becoming common today, especially with the increase of complex controls and switches in vehicles.
They can, at times, be fixed by changing the battery, but when the issue is detected on the onboard computer, the mechanic may have to identify the cause of the problem by plugging their PC into your car.
Electrical faults are becoming common nowadays with increase in controls and switches in the vehicle .
They have to be checked with scanning devices which is plugged to the car system and analysed.
Air Conditioning
Overheating is a major cause of the breakdown,especially in summer.
Always check your coolant level to avoid overheating or have your mechanic check the system.The coolant should also have enough anti-freeze.
Wheel Replacement
Punctures are known to occur even at the lowest speed and even the newest models of car are not immune to it.
Checking your tyreís condition is important as uneven wear and tear can mean they are incorrectly aligned.Bulges and cracks mean that you have to change the wheels.
Most people forget to refuel,and others only notice the red light flashing when it is too late.
The other is fuelling the car with the wrong fuel type.
Putting petrol in a diesel car for instance,is a serious mistake that can cause havoc and lead to extensive engine damage.
The moment you see you have fuelled with wrong fuel,do not start the engine.
To avoid the mistakes maintain a sticker around the vehicle so that the person should know the fuel type to be fuelled.
8. Stay with your vehicle: If youíve called for roadside assistance, youíll want to be there when the tow truck arrives.
9. Keep an eye out for uniformed police officers: All highways and major roads are patrolled regularly. 
Itís only a matter of time before an official comes to your location to provide assistance.
10. Above all, use common sense: No two breakdowns are the same ñ location, time of day, the problem, 
and other factors make each incident unique. If you are familiar with the area and can find help within a short walk.
In Asheville I went out to the car one morning and it wouldnít start. After a few minutes of diagnostic work  Brian determined that the starter was dead.
It was Easter Sunday, 2015, driving back home through a country road near midnight with my parents, and we start to smell smoke. Assuming its from outside, we don't think much of it and continue.
About a minute later my dad spots flames coming out of the air conditioning vents, veers onto the side of the road, and we bail out as fast as possible. 20 seconds after that, and the whole car is ablaze.
My dad had warned me about bumps. I was out on a date and went over a railroad track to fast, the engine jumped, the fan hit the hood, and the clutch pedal slapped to the floor. 
I didn't latch the hood of my car properly after replacing the wiper fluid at home, so when I hit +65mph on the highway, the hood flipped up and slammed into the windshield, shattering it, and bowing both the metal hood and glass windshield into the car.
On the way back, we got stuck in a little pig town because the alternator belt came off (the wrong-sized pulley on the non-Bosch alternator ate it in half)
I was driving down the road when my car started to sputter and shake. With a sickening lurch the car floated to a stop in the middle of a busy road.
If youíve got a problem with your battery, thereís a good chance itíll be down to lots of short journeys or a poor electrical connection. Battery faults are the most common cause of breakdown 
Spark plugs can break or wear out but shouldn't be a problem as long as your car is serviced regularly.
I drove to a petrol station, filled up with fuel, left and headed on to the nearby roundabout. At this point the car lost all power, a major problem having developed with the transmission.
I was driving back from the gym, when all of a sudden, my engine blew out on me
ìWhen my car broke down on the freeway, I knew that it would be a while, before any sign of help would arrive. I decided to pop open the hood, and give the engine a try myself. I figured, how difficult could this possibly be? I had read a few do-it-yourself books on auto mechanics and all those books for dummies. 
One reason for your car engine not firing up is a clogged fuel filter. 
If the starter motor starts spinning but the engine does not fire then it might be possible that the spark plug is played out. Either its wet or non-functional
If the battery is fine and still your car does not start, chances are that the ignition switch might have developed a fault. Turn the key (not all the way to the ignition) so that the telltale lights on the instrumentation cluster light up). If it is happening then the battery is clean. Turn the lights on and then start the car. If the lights dim when starting then the ignition switch is fine. If not, then it might need replacement.
Bad (scary) was a double blow out at 70mph on Aston Expressway after some muppet had dropped a spade in the outside laneÖ
Couple years age Xantia blew hole in back of engine, lost power, suspension, steering and brakes in outside lane at 80.
Just last week, attending a new Los Angeles-area Cars & Coffee, my upper radiator hose exploded as I pulled in. While the steam escaping was impressive and made for quite an entrance, I was stranded thirty miles from home. 
I had finished some errands in a town next to mine and was on the way back home when I heard a suspicious noise coming from under the hood of my car. Suddenly, I started slowing down and the vehicle didnít react to me pressing the gas pedal.
Belts are the muscles of your car, as they make the internal components move. Damaged or broken belts are akin to tearing your hamstring ñ it really hampers your ability to move normally. Unlike muscles, belts wonít get better with rest. Like a lot of mechanical issues, it is much preferred to prevent a broken serpentine belt than fix a broken one, especially since a broken belt can cause major engine issues.
Although youíll still be able to drive with bad brakes, as you can imagine, itís not recommended. Extremely worn brake pads or rotors can make it nearly impossible to stop, which can lead to injury and damage to property. If you hear squealing, rattling, shaking or have problems while braking, take your car into a repair shop immediately.
If you put the key in your car, turn it and hear nothing (or a clicking sound), you may have a problem with your starter. If this happens, try to turn on your carís interior lights or headlights, as it could be an issue with your battery. If your lights turn on, you know your battery is in good shape, and itís likely a problem with the starter or relay.
If your carís temperature gauge shoots up into the red, your engine may be at risk for overheating. If this happens, turn off the air conditioner and blast your heat. This will help move hot air away from the engine. Once youíre home, check your radiator to ensure itís full of coolant. If your radiator or engine overheats and breaks down, youíll have a hefty repair bill on your hands. Keep an eye on your engineís health.
After seeing/hearing several good reviews on Zoom from friends and relatives I decided to make my first reservation. But it turned out to be a nightmare.
I booked XUV from 05:00 AM 12 May 2016 to 11:00 PM 14 May. My BOOKING ID is JPS6VUSB0. I paid a total of 18590 INR including 5000 as the security deposit. We started to OOTY at 5:45 am on 12th May with kids, wife and elderly parents. After travelling 200 kilometers the vechicle started showing signs of bad clutch. The clutch pedal will not raise off the floor. The hydraulics to the clutch stopped working. It looked like the master cylinder has gone out. This happenned exactly in front of Gudlupet government bus stand at 10 am. 
The response from Zoom customer care was not prompt. After making several calls to customer care, they registered a complain for the break down and informed us that Mahindra Road Side Assitance (RSA) will pick up the vehicle and tow it for repair. The complain number provided was 75046. Zoom did not offer any alternate vechicle for our trip though I mentioned that I have made hotel reservations in OOTY. Instead they suggested to make our own taxi reservations for the trip. They also said, 
1) The amount paid for the remaining hours would be refunded.
2) That Mahindra would provide a taxi for one way drop to our destination OOTY out of which first 50 km would be free. 
3) The amount for the taxi would be refund
Later a Mahindra RSA calls me around 12 pm and informs that the towing truck along with a custody person had been arranged and that they would be providing the taxi to our destination OOTY. After some time the 3rd party taxi operator arranged by Mahindra called me and said that we would have to pay a 2-way charge for the trip to OOTY and the car would be sent from Mysore which is 50 km away from Gundlupet. I was not ready for this option since we had to pay for 2 way and moreover we have no car for site seeing in OOTY. The hotel I booked was outside the city and a car is an absolute requirement. So I asked them not to make a taxi reservation.
Finally the custody person Sameer arrives at 1:45 pm.He inspected the vechicle and said that this was a hydralic failure and could also happen to the a brand new car and there was no fault of mine. We handed over the vechicle at 2 pm after some documentation. So I was stuck in Gundlupet for 4 hours. I had to make my own transport arrangements which costed me a heavily. When I called the customer care on 15th May at 7:45 am they mentioned that INR 5OOO from my account has been deducted towards vechicle damages. When I asked the reason, they did not know why and said they would register a complain and that I would receive a call within an hour. The number given was 185382. They did not mention anything about refunding the remaining amount.
I am still waiting to hear back from Zoom.
Here are some general guidelines to follow if your vehicle breaks down on a highway.

Pull off the road.
Pull onto the highway shoulder as quickly and safely as possible. Remember to signal, and try to remain on level ground. Alternatively, if you need to pull onto the left shoulder, ensure that you are as far away from moving traffic as possible. 

If you CANNOT pull off the road, turn on your hazard lights. Do not risk injury by attempting to push your car to a safe location. If you are uncertain about your safety and think your vehicle may be struck from behind, do not stay in your vehicle. Leave your vehicle only if there is a safer area to move to, away from the highway.
Note your vehicle's location.
Look for a major exit. Note landmarks such as service stations, restaurants, shopping centres and business complexes. Do you remember the last exit name or any numbered signs near your location? This will be useful to know when calling for assistance.
Assess your vehicle's operating problem.
Did you hear any unusual noises, experience any out-of-the-ordinary car responses, or note any steam or smoke coming from under the hood?
If you must get out of your vehicle to assess the situation:
Watch carefully for oncoming traffic, especially at night or in bad weather.
Exit the vehicle from the side away from traffic.
Never stand behind or directly in front of your vehicle, as you risk being struck by drivers who might not see you.
Alert other motorists by making your vehicle visible.
Turn on emergency flashers, especially at night or in bad weather.
Raise your vehicleís hood. If you have a bright handkerchief, scarf, or light jacket, tie it to the antenna or door handle, or hold it in place by closing it in a window.
Call 911- Communicate your situation.
Once you and your passengers are in a safe location, call 911. They will advise you on what to do. After calling emergency services, call a family member or friend and advise them of your situation and location.
Call for roadside assistance and tell the operator:
If you are a CAA Member, your Membership number.
The phone number where you can be reached.
Your location.
A description of your vehicle.
The nature of your problem.
Describe any circumstances that may require special towing or transport considerations, such as an unusual or rare vehicle, large number of passengers, infants, medical needs or whether your vehicle requires special fuel.
Advise the road service operator that you have called 911.
Know your rights and responsibilities.
Itís your responsibility to understand what services your roadside assistance or insurance policy will cover. 
If you CHOOSE TO EXIT your vehicle:
When exiting the vehicle, stay away from oncoming traffic and exit through the side of the vehicle facing away from traffic.
Be aware of your surroundings. Carry a flashlight with you if possible, especially in nighttime situations.
If relying on the help of a friendly motorist, ask for identification before accepting assistance. Write this information down and leave it with another person or in the vehicle explaining where you are going and when you expect to return.
If you CHOOSE TO STAY in your vehicle:
Keep the windows and doors locked.
Don't leave the engine running for extended periods ñ this could put you at risk of carbon monoxide poisoning.
If you are threatened by a stranger while waiting in your car, call 911. Honk the horn repeatedly and flash the lights to attract the attention of other motorists.
Download and print CAA's Stranded Driver tips to keep in your glove box and keep family and friends safe by sharing these tips.
Firstly,get your car off the road and turn on the Hazard lamps. Inform your friends or parents (with the one u r living) .Then call the brand of the vehicle you are driving, they provide walk in service wherever you are!You can just try getting help from the vehicles that pass by. You can even try calling the cops.
Call this number-080 6050 1234. I've read many positive reviews for this rescue team!
You can even try calling Ola or Uber cab. They provide 24/7 service. Go to your place and you can get your vehicle repaired the next day.
Hope this answer was helpful. If you got further queries, please drop a message and let me know in the comments.
stopped in a parking lot or while driving down the freeway, you should never react by panicking. Always stay calm, and keep a level head. 
If youíre driving, steer the car to the side of the road and bring the vehicle to a complete stop.[1]
If you have roadside safety devices, such as flares or reflective devices, set these up on the side of the highway so that oncoming traffic will avoid your car.
Do not attempt to drive the car further after a breakdown. Doing so could further damage the vehicle and put yourself and passengers at risk.
Call for help if necessary. If your broken-down rental car was involved in an accident, or if the car breaks down at night, or in an unsafe or unfamiliar area, you may need to call for help. 
Once youíre safely out of traffic, use your cell phone to call 911, or your insurance companyís roadside assistance phone number, depending on the severity of the incident.[2]
Conversely, if the car breaks down in a safe, populated area and has no one is injured, you may not need to phone the police. In a safe situation, first call your car-rental company, and then call a tow truck if necessary.
Read through your rental agreement. The document that you signed before driving the rental car off the lot should have clauses which describe who will be at fault for various types of damages to the vehicle. 
If you know how the rental car has broken down, check the agreement to see if you will be required to pay for parts and repairs. In general, unless you were directly at fault, you shouldnít have to pay.
In general, when renting a car, plan ahead and always read through the rental agreement before signing. Well-known rental agencies are generally ethical companies, but smaller agencies may sneak in clauses which hold you responsible for all damages.
Contact the rental company and ask for transportation. Itís generally the responsibility of the rental company to tow the broken-down rental car and to replace the car, so you still have a functional car to drive. 
However, some companies may bicker over this policy.[4] Regardless, inform the company immediately: explain the incident, state where and how the car broke down, and ask for a replacement vehicle.
When you call, say something like, ìI rented a car from your agency two days ago, and the vehicle just broke down on the side of Interstate I-70, by mile marker 400. Iíd like to have a replacement vehicle; 
how should I have this car towed and exchange it for another?î
It may be easier to arrange transportation if your car broke down in the same city as the rental agencyís offices. In an instance like this, say, ìMy rental car is broken down at a gas station across town. 
I canít get the engine to start, but if I take a taxi to your office, could you set me up with a replacement rental vehicle?î
The rental agreement will usually specify that you must call the company immediately in the case of a breakdownófollow this guidance, as failing to do so may put you at risk for significant fees.
Keep notes and receipts from all repairs performed. The rental car company may ask you to pay for the towing service and repairs to the vehicleóthis may even be specified in the contract. If so, the company should also reimburse you for repair fees when you return the car. 
To ensure that this happens, take notes on what mechanics fixed, and keep the receipts from all maintenance done to the vehicle.
Even if the breakdown is not seriousói.e. the air conditioning doesnít workóyou should still notify the rental company as soon as you note the malfunction.[5] The sooner the company knows about a problem, the less likely theyíll be to hold you financially responsible.
What should you do?
If the car breaks down while youíre driving, quickly pull over to a safe place on the side of the road, as far away from traffic as possible.
Make yourself visible to other motorists and signal that youíre in trouble by lifting your hood and turning on your hazard lights. Stay in your vehicle.
If you donít have the option of pulling over, stay where you are and do not leave your vehicle. Attempting to cross a road or highway is very dangerous and youíll be safer if you stay in the car.
Immediately call a towing service.
With roadside assistance
If your vehicle lets you down, we'll be there for you. If you're insured with LV=, we've put together a short video guide about what to do in the event of a breakdown.
If possible, try to pull over to the hard shoulder or as far left or as away from the road as possible. Switch on your hazard lights and, if it's dark or the light is bad, keep your side lights on. If you can't get your vehicle clear of the road only leave you vehicle if you can do so safely.
If you cannot safely exit the vehicle and decide to stay in it keep your seat belt on at all times. If you can safely leave your vehicle leave by the passenger door and keep well back from the road on a verge or on the other side of the barrier if there is one. Keep a clear view of the oncoming traffic and don't stand in front of your vehicle.
Make a note of your location and the surrounding area and call our 24 hour breakdown line on 0800 929 111 or 01484 435806 from your mobile, a pay phone or a motorway emergency phone when it is safe to do so. Lines open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Calls will be recorded.
Hi, i had given my tata bolt for a general service at adishakti cars bangalore, the car was running fine before service, but as soon as i pick it up from the service station not even 2 km the car stops and does not start, the service people tow back my vehicle to the service station then inform me that the oil pump has gone, there was no problem before the service but as soon as the service is done this problem arises and now after taking 6800rs for service they expect me to pay 8000rs for the pump,
after questioning about the service they say they have not checked the oil pump so it is not their fault then what is the use of paying 6800rs it is just like paying money and getting my car damaged.
Roadside assistance is available 24 hours a day and 7 days a week. In the event of a breakdown, you will be put in contact with the nearest towing company, and at no charge to you.
If you are already a subscriber, then you probably have a sticker or pamphlet with a number to call in case of emergency
[Resolved] Tata Motors ó nexon diesel engine jerks and sudden pause in acceleration
Mulashi, Maharashtra, India
 Harshadm on Mar 29, 2018
Submit a Complaint
Hi i am harshad mahajan, bought tata nexon xz+ on 18.03.18
While driving, car doesnt drive seamlessly and there is a huge noticeable pause while accelerating the car.
It happens so many time while driving and that is life threatening as while overtaking the car suddenly stops the acceleration and there is a pause in speed (During acceleration car jerks and feels like fuel supply is suddenly cut off).
This is horrible and veey risky. Today i was overtaking at a speed of 60 and i was in a need to more speed to complete that overtake but suddenly the power supply to engine stopped for a second and i somehow managed to avoid feon collision as the overtake couldnt get completed. 
I need immediate resolution on this and my demand on this is replacement of the car as its a brand new car and i dont want my car to be repaired in a week.
I dont want to use repaired new vehicle and i cant risk my life with this car and this problem. 
This issue i am facing since my first day and not its enough. I need the replacememt at any cost. 
Second problem with the car : steering noise and very bad steering shocks. On slightly patchy roads and bumps the bump shock comes to the steering and there is thid noise coming from the top of the steering. I am really disappointed with the car.
Third issue: a piller plastic is loose and vobrating like a vibrator while driving. Andnoise is a headache. What the hell is going on? 
Fourth isse: all the inside lights at night are gettin switched off automatically and then turns on in 2 seconds. Amazing engimnering of the car. Shame on you tata motors. I trusted tata motors again and i again got so much of pain using this car.
I want car replacement at any cost. I will surely raise this issue to social media in all ways of i wont get any resolution immediately. I am serioualy fed up. 
Its not even a week i bought the brand new car. 
Request you to please think about our hard earned money. Will be spending so much on the car and its emi and if wont get good car and satisfaction then whats the use? I trusted tata motors so i hope you will listen to my problem and frustration and give me a expected solution. 
I really streached myself to by this car but i am totally not satisfied and heart borken.
Dear Sir, I would like to inform you that I have purchased a car INDIGO ECS from Tata Dealer HKBK MOTOR PVT .LTD on date 31st Dec2012 with Extended 3 years warranty financed by MAGMA FINANCE .and In December 2013 TATA MOTOR DEALER HKBK dealer have gone without giving any information and TATA MOTOR not providing any other nearest service point from TATA MOTORS side in the RENUKOOT- Sonebhadra district nearby area . I have made all three free service on time according to the date given on coupan by your Dealer HKBK MOTOR PVT LTD. RENUKOOT and fourth service is due On 6th September my car breakdown in Anapra area of Sonebhdra U.P and by shifting arrangement done by me it was shifted in Tata Commercial Waidhan VindhyaNagar Road Dist :Singrauli M.P on same day (Sub-dealer of Tata Commercial Jabalpur ) And our car is under warranty as it has completed only 21 month only and 15500KM as total warranty is 36 Month (Extended warranty ) also Service coupon for 4th free service is also valid and submitted along with the car . and Car was kept by Tata commercial from 6th September and not repaired till now under warranty and asking money 17, 500 for repair . Also I have made complaint in TATA customer -care team for the same on date 11th September14 and 15 September 14 with complaint no: 1-[protected] and 1-[protected] when the Tata Commercial Waidhan asked for money 17500 and refuse to give the warranty with commitment that you have not purchased the car from my point by sales team and senior sales people Mr. Mahendra Singh done major misbehave with me told the service people that through out the car from Works shop campus as we have too much load. I request to you asked the Tata Motors to repair the car/replace the car and provide the ( amount against the mental, physical harassment and economical loss, insult and image harassment -Rs12 Lacs ) the car as earliest as possible under warranty and strong action should be taken against the above people (Mr. Mahendra Singh-Sales Department of Tata Commercial Waidhan-Sub Dealer of TATA COMMERCIAL JABALPUR -Dealer of TATA MOTORS ) from TATA MOTORS side for the miss behave with me so that they cannot repeat the same with any customer and down the image of Tata Motors . 
The detail of car and address is as below . NAME : RABINDRA KR. PANDEY ADD: TTS-I/186 NTPC COLONY RIHAND NAGAR BIJPUR SONEBHADRA U.P -231223 MOB: [protected] VEHICLE RC NO: UP64S 1540 FINANCER :MAGMA FINCORP RENUKOOT INSURED BY : UNITED INDIA INSURANCE COMPANY RENUKOOT 
I request to Tata Motorsto provide the service as earliest as possible without any further delay and kindly provide and declare the service point in Sonebhadra District or in Waidhan so that we can make service on time and get the break down assistance and escape from the rude people and miss behave . Ask to tata motors to do the needful (reapir /replace the car and provide the Rs 12 lacks for cover the losses as earliest as possible and save our long lasting relationship and away from legal formalities and action Thanks and Regards Rabindra Kumar Pandey [protected]
For me, it is not at all a safest car. 4 days New car having engine problem!!!
Everyday it was giving different problem and within 5 mins of driving, engine get stopped and displaying TEMP alert in dashboard as well as producing burn smell with smoke from engine.
1. Getting break issue (Not working properly) informed to service center people at the time of giving car for (1st servicing, 2nd service, 3rd service also).
Service centre people saying that it will be the same for all the cars. I hope, we are not using the bullock carts to stop the vehicle easily?
2. Engine oil is ejecting drop by drop and...
New buyers please check in this issue with the sales. Now i am waiting for my service team to get some parts from some other state i guess i don't know why. 
Also i am not aware if my warranty is going to cover this. 
Hope ?? my car engine oil leak will be permanently rectified and i hope it will be safe to drive again....
Dear sir, i have purchased tata nexon xz+ diesal in jan 201 from mirzapur ok motors. 
After one month i felt the engine noise at low rpm purticularly when ac is on. 
I went to service center but they could not satisfied my concern. 
They asked me to drop the car fo two days but still have the same problem. 
Twice, last year this time, and today a while ago, we experienced, engine seizure on our tata indica vista quatrajet.
When we minutely examined this time, it revealed that it was due to incursion of rain water dripping on the air filter, from driverís side wiper (Base of) water spray nozzle.
The position of the water spray nozzle appears to be a design defect. Last year we could not identify this. We kept gessing as to how the water incursion had taken place? We were fortunate to identify the same this time....
Still at the time of servicing the sound was minimized but again after some it start. 
Kindly suggest me the way to get it rectify....
We have purchased tata winger ambulance from ramjash dharnia trucks, nh -89, near rto office, bikaner road, nagaur (Raj) in the first week of may 2019. It has done hardly 800 km till now. 
Yesterday while coming back from jodhpur with a postoperative case it breakdown near buch kalan of jodhpur dist. At about 5 pm.
We approached the concerned agency for help & accept the assurance we could not get anything and the vehicle was on road overnight.
It is really a matter of concern when jodhpur was just 40 km away from the site. How a new vehicle can break down so early?
You are requested to look into the matter, at least priority to be given to ambulance if it goes for a breakdown at the roadside.
Thanks & regards Ram1611 on Jul 9, 2019 Submit a Complaint
My self betha s r c murthy and i have bought tata tigor xt diesel car from tata motors rjy with reg num ap05 eq 8854 on[protected]. From the date of purchase i have facing trouble with ac it was not getting chill air frequently.
For that issue i have intimated to kakinada sales executive (Who have sold me the car) and also visited kakinada service center 2 to 3 times and for every manual service i use to tell the same problem and every time they use to clean the ac filter only but problem was not resolved 
They told me that we canít do anything else for this problem and with the guidance of kkd service executive i have approached rajahmundry service center. 
They checked ac gas and it is low condition and they filled ac gas. But still chilling not remains sane and after some distance travelled. 
They told me that we canít do anything else for this problem and with the guidance of kkd service executive i have approached rajahmundry 
As a loyal customer of tata i purchase tata tiago xz diesel chassis no: from surat, gujarat 17 th oct. 2017
Reg no : gj 05 rc 3315 
Invoice :t-012/17-18
I face major problem on about 28334 km & 1.25 year o[censored]sage, over head rocor set (Hla) failure suddenly. Which is abnormal case as per general opinion.
It take 3 weeks to fixed problem as per not available l of material received car on[protected] pay bill of 8975 inr with in warranty period. (Invoice pramukh tata : ipraur[protected]
Then after running of more 5000 km over head hla rocker set & main sharf failure again. Car suddenly block. This event take mine another 3-4 week of car. This time it cost me :2928 inr (Invoice pramukh tata : ipraur[protected]) date[protected]
Note: battery is fail and replacement process under way still waiting for replacement 
Now today[protected] its shutdown again at around 35000 km plus whats the problem is not rectify yet. 
Now after the background of this much problem still i belive its the good product to drive but not easy to maintain.
Mine demand is : 
1) replace whole system as its on warranty period 
2) i can not trust this vehicle anymore its unsafe to drive on highway as its anytime shutdown 
3) need compensation for metal harassment i am facing due to faulty product
4) mine businesses depend on commuting its also effect by this failure. From last 7 months 
5) why i dont publish whole event on public platform to educate the people they dont buy this vehicle?
6) why i dont use legal action?
Note : local workshop person are very helpful they do their level best to rectify and solved this problem. But now problem is out of their control 
Revert back in positive way and as early as possible. If you need supportive documents let me know i will provide you.service center. 
They checked ac gas and it is low condition and they filled ac gas. 
But still chilling not remains sane and after some distance travelled. 
Every time my visit to rjy service center they are checking with a temperature gauge and saying we will follow up with the problem but still they is no response from any of them. 
So finally i have bought a faulty vehicle by paying lakhs of money who will be the responsible for this...???
Itís been a year completed and odo meter turned to 54000 approx but problem remains same 
If sales are only your priority but not service why should you guys forced to take the tata vehicles.
I purchased this car on november 2017, my car has completed 11000 km.
From the date when i bought this car to today, i faced too many problems on hilly area and sometimes on plain roads. The car suddenly stops sometimes on hilly area, 
i noticed this problem more than three times. I have complained to costumer care number provided to us. But they don't take any action and they give another costumer number and waste our time. 
It irritates so much. So please take any action so we can satisfy of our purchase.
Car number : ch01bp9002
It's nearly 2 years 6 months since i bought tata tiago and it has the tendency of breaking down after the travelling certain kilometres. 
I complaint at jkr, motors kangra, hp and they said there's a problem with the fuel pump and it needs to be replaced but they don't have the part because of shortage. 
It's been nearly 2 years but they kept saying the same thing. 
Now my warranty after 2 years is over and i had to pay for the part which i got replaced at sandhu motors, pathankot, punjab. 
This is all company's fault to issue these cars with faulty parts. Look into the matter or we have a group of 8 persons with same problem who are now willing to file a case against the company
Thank you.
The incident happen on 22.06.2019 at 12:20 pm when on the centre of the road my tata tiago car is suddenly stop (Breakdown), 
i try my best to start but not.
My family is in the car my good luck the car is just stop due to hand break otherwise some thing happen with my family. 
After that i suddenly call at toll free number (24 x7 helpline) and my call was logged vide number 
Tata Motors ó tata tiago stop on hills [Resolved]
 Ajay Gurdal on Jun 16, 2019
During my Chitkul trip I faced problem with my Tata Tiago xz petrol. 
Engine of car switch off automatical and refuse to start. 
Same problem was happened with all Tiago models in Chitkul. Some one Tata tiago informed me that switch of[censored]r vehicle, open Ur car bonet and fuel tank cap, and trying to start after 30minutest this trick worked. 
He told me that when Tiago engine got heat then fuel tank stop supplying fuel to engine.
Kindly solve this problem
1-[protected] and they assured me to provide technician with in hour. 
I am waiting for the technician for 2-3 hours but no one is coming on the spot for rectified the fault. 
That time i think what a worst service of tata motors. 
Presently, i have 3 to 4 cars of tata motors.
My family bear the hot waves in the summer. 
I think i have definitely logged the complaint to consumer court for the worst service of tata motors in jammu. 
Then i call local service engineer from the nearest service centre sandeep motors and they guys take my car to service centre and the same is restored in a short span of time. 
Please look into the matter seriously and meet you in the consumer court shortly.
We have purchased new trailer truck tata signa 5523 from your company as on dated 15.05.219
But this truck brake not properly working from 9 days, this reason we have already idle stand trailer tata signa 5523 at your workshop as on date 20.05.2019, 
which is currently idle stand at workshop for repair.
MH-14-GY-2039 on 21-Jun-18.
We are facing issue like car stops in every long drive in highways around 200 km of drive. We faced this issue almost 6 times and informed the respective service station. 
They did servicing, but still it is of no use. 
Please do some thing which should help us to solve this problem as soon as possible and it is causing lot of inconvenience for us.
Last 10 months ago. Already more than 3 times car has been breakdown on mid highway.. 
I has personaaly towed to nearest point to my office near to guinea motors showroom.. 
All time they charge and last time they provide a 8, 000 paid amc, as permanent solution to it...
TATA Tigor MH-14-GY-2039 vehicle shift down from 5th gear to 2nd gear when running on the road during travel. 
After that we took vehicle to road side but vehicle not allowed me put 5th and reverse gear.
We took vehicle to Tata Motors service center and found that it was a manufacturing defect.
Its seems to big safety and quality issue of TATA motors.
Bought tata nexon on 13 nov 2018, barely 15 days back and music system hanged 4 times within 15 days.. And on thursday the first and second gear stopped working. The car stopped on road...
Service center told me that there was some manufacturing defect and electronic problem so clutch plate is burnt... Pl get the car replaced or return my money... 
I am mailing the company and they have stopped responding... Deogiri auto from where i bought the car repaired it and gave me... But if there was a defect in the manufacturing of car why dont the company replace it or return my money... I am doctor
 and i have to drive at night in an emergency... I am scared to drive thiscar now... 
There was huge chance of accident to be happened on road as the vehicle shifts from 5th gear to 2nd gear when it was on full running mode.
A vehicle breakdown is the mechanical failure of a motor vehicle in such a way that the underlying problem prevents the vehicle from being operated at all, or impedes the vehicle's operation so much, that it is very difficult, nearly impossible, or else dangerous to operate. Vehicle breakdowns can occur for a large number of reasons. Depending on the nature of the problem, the vehicle may or may not need to be towed to an automobile repair shop.

A "breakdown" is also referred to when a car stalls on the road. A vehicle stalls for a number of reasons ranging from a dead car battery, fuel pump, poor quality fuel, faulty electrical wiring, fuel pressure problems, overlooked leaks or missing caps.

A total breakdown is when the vehicle becomes totally immobile and cannot be driven even a short distance to reach a repair shop, thereby necessitating a tow. This can occur for a variety of reasons, including complete engine failure, or a dead starter or battery, though a dead battery may be able to be temporarily resolved with a jump start.

When a total breakdown occurs, the motorist may be able to have the service paid for by a roadside assistance plan. This may be available through an organization like AAA, the vehicle's manufacturer, the vehicle insurance policy, or in some cases, another service the driver subscribes to, such as a mobile phone

In a partial breakdown, the vehicle may still be operable, but its operation may become more limited or more dangerous, or else its continued operation may contribute to further damage to the vehicle. Often, when this occurs, it may be possible to drive the vehicle to a garage, thereby avoiding a tow.

A car breakdown is the mechanical failure of a motor vehicle, which disrupts its working and makes it dangerous to operate. In some cases, the vehicle stops working altogether. Breakdowns can occur due to a variety of reasons and can often be avoided through timely maintenance.

If your car breaks down on the road it’s not only inconvenient, it can be dangerous as well. Depending where you end up on the road (after a turn, on the freeway, or on a road where there is little or no shoulder) the situation can become harrowing.

Although, if there is anything positive to say about cars breaking down, it’s that most roads have good sized shoulders, and that finding a decent spot to pull over, which is safe and out of the way of traffic, is usually the case.

Use the following steps to learn how to safely move your vehicle if it breaks down on the road and assess the damage.

Part 1 of 3: Pull over to a safe spot
If your car breaks down on the road, try to manage the situation so that you are not stressed and can get back on the road as soon as possible.

Step 1: Prepare to pull over. Sometimes pulling over isn’t the easiest thing to do. You might be on a mountain road with little shoulder space and many blind turns, or on a narrow part of the freeway surrounded by traffic.

That said, try to assess your unique situation and decide on a course of action.

Always try to remain calm. It’s harrowing knowing that your vehicle is no longer running, especially when it happens right on the road, but you must remain calm. Until you pull your car over safely to the side of the road, your breakdown will affect other traffic that is around you, and you must be mindful as you try to maneuver yourself safely out of traffic.

hazard lights switched on side of road

Step 2: Switch on the hazard lights. Use the hazard lights to indicate to other traffic that you are in distress and try to use hand signals while you try to get to the shoulder of the road.

If you can, use the vehicle’s momentum to drift to a safe location.

If you cannot get to a safe spot on the road and you have to block a lane, use your hazard lights and signal so you can get the vehicle into the far right lane. Try to slow down as gradually as possible so as not to cause an accident, or multiple accidents on the road. If you let other drivers know about your vehicle’s failure, they can proceed to drive around your car.

Step 3: Pull over in a safe spot. Once you’ve found a safe spot, keep the hazard lights on and park the car as you normally would.

Engage the parking brake, switch off the ignition, and stay inside your vehicle.

If you’re able to, call the police yourself. If someone tries to help you, roll down your window and ask them to call the police.

Call for roadside assistance from your insurance company if it is part of your insurance policy. If not, ask them to send a tow truck.

Warning: In the difficult situation where the car is broken down in a driving lane or you are parked just around the bend of a blind corner, you should always stay in your vehicle. If you must absolutely leave your vehicle, do so from the side of the car that is not near moving traffic.

Warning: Always stay out of the road. Do not work on the vehicle or change a tire on the side of the road that is exposed to traffic.

Part 2 of 3: Push your vehicle to a safe spot
Step 1: Assess the situation. Always assess the conditions of your environment as best as possible before you make any decisions.

In certain situations, it is best to push the vehicle to a safer location. If this is the case, you absolutely cannot do it alone.

Additionally, if you are facing a hill, you will not be able to push the vehicle easily.

If you have friends or family who can help you, or good Samaritans offer to help you, communication is always key. Roll down the driver’s side window so you can hear each other. Stay in the driver’s seat and have them go to the rear of the vehicle and prepare to push it. Let each other know when you’re ready to begin.

When everyone is in position and have identified that they are ready to push, release the parking brake and the foot brake, put the transmission in neutral, and steer the car as necessary while they push.

Note: If for any reason, they need to stop pushing, make sure you are able to hit the brake as soon as possible.
Once you push the car to a safe location, park it as you normally would by engaging the parking brake and switching off the ignition. Now you can safely call for roadside assistance, a tow truck, or contact the police.