Most of our vehicles are Factory Certification Eligible
Why are your prices so much better than most dealers?
We offer better prices simply because of our low overheads.
What is the condition of your vehicles?
Our inventory is primarily 1-Owner Carfax Certified cars and truck.
Where do you Source your used cars? 
What kind of inspection do you perform on your used cars? 
All of our vehicles go thru an extensive mechanical, safety inspection,
We take pride in delivering cars that meet and exceed industry standards for reconditioning.
Our used cars inspection are made available to our customers. 
So if you are considering a used car please ask for your complimentary safety inspection report.
Can I order a used car?
Yes, simply fill out our locater request and we will locate a vehicle that meets your requirements.
What if I don't like the vehicle that I have a deposit for or I have purchased another vehicle?
All deposits taken for vehicle holds and/or purchases are non-refundable. 
If you decide to go with a different vehicle, the dealer may offer the option to switch the deposit to a different car at their own discretion.
seller: hello, sir what can i do for you today?
buyer: i am looking for the car that is suitable for family, the one that's quite big
seller: i suggest you to buy innova, it's very suitable for the family
buyer: really? may i see, how it looks like ?
seller: of course, just follow me
New Delhi: Citing poor performance and low mileage of electric cars made by Mahindra and Mahindra and Tata Motors, senior government officials have refused to use them, Mint reported on Wednesday quoting three people aware of the development.
The vehicles are procured and deployed by Energy Efficiency Services Ltd (EESL), a public sector unit under the ministry of power. 
buyer: oke (walking follow the buyer to the show room)
seller:this one is innova
Tata Motors and Mahindra were to supply 350 units and 150 units of Tigor and Verito, respectively, to the Union government in the first phase. 
Subsequently, the auto makers were to give another 9,500 units of electric vehicles to EESL, with M&M accounting for 40% of the total. 
According to a senior official from one of the ministries involved in formulating rules and regulations for electric mobility , both models failed to run even 80-82km on a single charge within city limits. 
Battery capacity was not up to the mark, compared to global standards, the official told the newspaper, requesting anonymity.
Initially, due to lack of charging infrastructure, the supply of electric variants of Mahindra’s Verito and Tata Motors’ Tigor was delayed.
The second person mentioned said taking into consideration the shortcomings of E-Verito, Mahindra is developing a new electric vehicle that gives more mileage.
In reply to an emailed query, EESL said there are more than 150 electric vehicles on the roads in Delhi and Andhra Pradesh. The company, however, did not specify the reason for the delay in procuring vehicles for government use nor deny that officials had refused to use the vehicles.
"Since it is a new technology, we wanted to gain confidence on our products before delivering it to our clients,” an EESL spokesperson said. 
“We will be deploying about 200-250 electric vehicles by mid-July. The conditions of the second tender are being re-evaluated and will be released soon. EESL will continue to enable more energy and fuel savings by creating a robust market for e-mobility in India.
On 1 January, Mint had reported that the entire fleet of electric vehicles was supposed to be delivered by 30 November 2017. Subsequently, the deadline was pushed to 30 December 2017 due to lack of charging infrastructure. So far, only around 150 vehicles have been supplied, according to EESL.
Does Tata Harrier have a petrol model? What is the engine capacity and mileage?
As of now Tata Harrier is only available in Diesel. Tata Harrier petrol is expected to come next year.
Tata Motors is developing a 1.6-litre petrol engine for the Harrier and other upcoming cars based on the OMEGA architecture. 
buyer: aha! this is what i am looking for..
seller: yes it is, so do you like it? how about the color? we have four difference colour for this car, there are white, cream, black, green
buyer: i like this one, the black one, it is my favorite colour of car
seller: oke that's great
buyer: how about the price for this car?
seller: it's Rp.280.000.000 and will give you some bonus like cash back and car cover
buyer: sound great, but that's expensive, can you give me lower price?
seller: actually that's the best price that we can give to you during this month, yeah it's a special price
buyer: how about Rp,250.000.000 that's the most that i can spend.
seller: oh no, please that would be selling the cost, no profit for us.
buyer: okay, the last 275.000.000 is that fine? i can not get any higher than that.
seller: okay, here is the key for you to test drive.
buyer: great, thank you very much
seller: you're welcome
Car Salesman: Hello sir. Can I help you find a car today?
Customer: Yes. My wife and I are about to have a baby. We need a car with more room.
I have a little hybrid coupe that gets great gas mileage, but only fits two passengers.
Car Salesman: Oh, OK. Let's take a walk around our car lot.
We have some great deals this weekend. What kind of car does your wife have now?
Customer: She has a small sedan that we could fit the baby in, but we want two cars that have room for all of us. I'd like to check out your SUVs. We are hoping to not have to buy a minivan.
Car Salesman: Not a problem sir. We have a nice brand new Honda Pilot SUV over here. 
The sticker price is $30,000.
Customer: I actually was looking for a Honda Pilot.
I went online last night to check out the blue book value on new Pilots. 
The price I saw was $27,000. Why is your price higher?
Car Salesman: Well sir, at this car dealership we offer a free bumper to bumper warranty and we have very cheap extended warranties.
Customer: That's great, but every car dealership offers that. I'm not going to pay the sticker price for this car. 
I will pay the blue book value of $27,000.
Car Salesman: I can't offer you that price. What about $29,000?
Customer: No. I'll pay $27,000 or I'll go somewhere else that charges a fair price.
Don't you want my business? Are you trying to rip me off? I don't understand how you guys think you can overcharge people for cars. 
The information on the pricing of any car is online. 
Don't they teach you that in car salesman school?
Car Salesman: We do want your business sir. 
Let me talk to my manager and see what I can do. Give me five minutes.
Customer: OK. I'll be waiting right here.
Car Salesman: Sir, I talked to my manager and he said that there are some factory to dealer incentives that I didn't know about. I can get the price down to $28,000. Would that work for you?
Customer: No. Are you not listening to me? I will pay the correct price, which is $27,000. What do you say? If the answer is no, I want to get to another dealership before it gets too late.
Car Salesman: OK. I will sell the car to you for that price. We would like to have your business.
Customer: Great. I'll take the car, but don't even attempt to rip me off on the financing plan. I did my research on that too. Let's get this over with.
Car Salesman: Sounds good sir. Let's step into my office and fill out the paperwork.
Car Buyer: Hey!
According to a senior industry executive, these two models have limited range. 
Their battery packs are of 17 kilowatt (kW), while the global standard is 27-35kW.
Hence, the apprehensions of officials are genuine and the refusals to use the vehicles acceptable, said the executive.
“On top of that, government officials get huge sums a s car fuel allowance. 
If they take these vehicles, they cannot claim fuel expenses," said the executive, requesting anonymity.
"As part of our tender with Energy Efficiency Services, we have already completed the production of 250 cars and initiated the execution of phase II orders,” a Tata Motors spokesperson said in response to an emailed query.
"We are committed to the government’s e-mobility mission by 2030, and continue to work in a collaborative manner to facilitate faster adoption of electric vehicles and to build a sustainable future for India,” the spokesperson added.
The Mumbai-based company did not mention the number of cars supplied to EESL, nor did it answer questions on the quality of vehicles.
A spokesperson for Mahindra and Mahindra declined to comment.
Recently, Bloomberg reported the second tender of 10,000 units had been postponed to 2019 due to lack of charging infrastructure.
"The real reason behind the postponement of the third tender is the unavailability of quality products in the electric vehicles market at this point in time," said the third of the three people mentioned in the beginning.
EESL did not reply to the question about the reasons that led to the postponement of the tender for the third phase to 2019.
Apki khushiyo ki chhabi kaisi hai, are you satisfied nano?
Nano has stunned me with its ability to drive without hickups .
I drove it from Coimbatore to Bangalore with no issues , with my automatic Nano.
Kept an average speed of 70km/h, was quite comfortable.Did have some breaks in between for food, otherwise drove for about 7 hours.
And gave mind blowing mileage too.Just that we should account longer time drive due to lesser power of Nano.Tata , you guys made mistake of stopping it .
Car Seller: Hello sir, welcome.
Will I face any issues in future regarding service, spare parts etc. if I purchase an AMT model now?
No it should not be problem if you go in the company.In private garages it may not be available.
Is it ok to drive Nano at 110 km/h speed?
I did few times..max 105 kmph... after which the engine cuts off.. it us highly unstable at that speeds... mind you..pot holes...emergency breaking..lane changes.... can cause devastating accidents. 
It is not comfortable.. going straight for since distance I'd okay... for fun.. make sure you are fully focused
Car Buyer: I am here to buy a car. Could you please help me with that?
Car Seller: Sure, sir. Which car do you want?
I am having polio on my left leg, Can I drive automatic Tata nano ?
As I have a nano genx xt and it's ran 60000 without any problem. 
So I want to purchase another one genx xt model. Can I still purchase? Or its production stopped?
Yes. Driving an automatic does not involve the left leg at all.
Is there an anti glare irvm in nano xta?
Q. Can we add A/c on standard version nano? If yes then what will be the cost?
How about resale value? Company executive said Tata has stoping nano productions and it will going to discountinue. Suggested to buy other instead of this.
Car Buyer: Could you please brief about Dzire and Ciaz? So that I could decide which one I want to go for.
Car Seller: Sure, sir. We will have a look at Dzire first. It’s a sedan car. Which model do you need?
How is Maruti Alto 800 compared with Tata Nano?
Car Buyer: Tell me about the VXI features.
Is xma model worth buying, since there are no features in xma?
Sanjiv | 1 year ago
Worth buying if you wanna have a small but spacious car.
The added features are the boot door, gloves boxes, larger fuel tank a small but spacious car that can go anywhere and take sharp turns in narrow streets. It has added features of boot door, larger fuel tank, glove boxes and many more. Go for it, you wont regret.
Car Seller: Sure, in this you will get a desk lamp with parking sensors, you will also get power windows on both front and back.
Car Buyer: How much will this cost?
Car chalne m kesi h?
Nano is a delight to drive in city driving conditions.
For a sub-650cc engine, it feels pleasantly peppy under initial acceleration and continues to be so till 80kph. 
One of the biggest contributors for this performance is its light weight that tips at just 600 kilograms.
Driveability is great and the tiny engine never feels underpowered (as compared to sub1000cc cars) in the start-stop condition. 
Car Seller: Onroad price for this will be 8 Lakhs 50 Thousand.
Car Buyer: What about Ciaz?
HOW IS THE PERFORMANCE OF NANO XTA IN CITY CONDITIONS SUDDEN PICK UP MILEAGE AND FOR LONG TRAVEL?
Performance is excellent pick is fair enough Long travel also no problem except u can up to only 80km h speed otherwise no vibration engine sound etc air conditioning is superb
Which model of Nano has Auto gear? Is it easy to drive for physically Challenged person?
Is it good for long distance travel?
Tata Nano has awesome mileage on long trips.Just recently had 350 km trip in 7 hrs . 
Had more than half tank still left on reaching destination.Kept speed consistent at 70 kmph , no issues.
Tata made big mistake of stopping it.They should have marketed it for long trips than just city .
Car Seller: In Ciaz you will get auto gear, with parking sensors, power window, sunroof, wiper for the back mirror as well.
Car Buyer: What is the on-road price for Ciaz?
Car Seller: 10 Lakhs 25 Thousand including all the accessories
Car Buyer: I will go for Ciaz.
Car Seller: Sure, sir. How about payment?
Car Buyer: I will make the complete payment by check.
Car Seller: Sure, sir. We will get your car ready in a while.
Car Buyer: Ok!
TIGOR EV has 2 charging options:
Normal AC Charging via 220 / 230 V AC single phase charger.
The car can be plugged into any 15 Ampere socket either directly to a 3 pin industrial socket or to a 3 pin domestic socket through an adaptor.
Fast DC Charging via any DC Fast Charger. 
Time taken for 0 to 80% charge is approximately 90 minutes depending on ambient and battery temperature.
1. Do You Have a Car That Fits My Needs?
A lot of people preparing to buy a car often focus all their attention on the brand. They want a car that looks good, but they don’t always consider what functions their car should serve.
Here are some questions to ask when buying a car that can help you determine what you need a car for:
Is this my primary car, or secondary?
Do I need this car for work?
Will I need to pack it with a lot of things on a frequent basis?
Figure out what type of car you need and express it to your dealer. The dealership will then be able to find the best car in their lot to suit your needs.
2. Does It Come with Four-Wheel Drive?
Depending on where you live, you may need a car with four-wheel drive.
Four-wheel drive is the safest type of vehicle in any climate. But drivers who live in colder climates where it snows a lot especially need it.
Most cars come with four-wheel drive nowadays. But if you’re buying a used vehicle, you should ask about its drivetrain capabilities.
3. How Long Is the Warranty?
You want your car investment to go far. Otherwise, you could drown in repair costs or wind up paying for a completely new car in a few short years.
Warranty is one of the most important questions to ask when buying a car. It shows you how much trust the manufacturer has in the quality of the vehicle.
If there’s a warranty that almost seems too good to be true, there may be some adverse reasons why.
For example, some extended warranties (7-10 years) may seem ideal. But it could also indicate that there may be underlying problems in the vehicle’s makeup.
Some car manufacturers offer excellent warranties that are longer than usual. On average, most car warranties last up to 3 years, or at least 36,000 miles.
4. What Does the Warranty Cover?
Warranties vary on the automaker and on the vehicles themselves.
Some basic warranties cover a vehicle’s “bumper to bumper” makeup. These are the components of a vehicle that are typically made in factories. They include nearly everything from the front of the car’s bumper to the back.
Powertrain warranties, on the other hand, cover nearly everything that the automakers manufacture. This includes the powertrain, the air conditioning, electrical system, and even the stereo.
Know what a vehicle’s warranty covers before buying. That way you don’t encounter any unwanted surprises in the future when it comes to repairs.
5. What Are Some Common Repairs?
Speaking of repairs. Your dealer should be able to tell you about repair plans for a particular vehicle.
Before asking your dealer, do your own research online. You’ll be able to get a sense of a vehicle’s quality by other people’s experiences.
If you’re buying a used vehicle, your dealer should be able to give you a report on its repair history. If you notice any trends in repairs, you should prepare for the costs.
Or, you should look for a different vehicle altogether if the costs of future repairs will outweigh the initial investment.
If you’re buying used, you should also take a close look at the interior. There may be general wear-and-tear on the seats that you may need to repair yourself.
Look for cigarette burns, rips, and broken seat belts.
Then, ask the dealer about their policy on “buying as you saw it”. Your dealer may do the repairs themselves, or leave that up to you.
6. Are There Additional Fees?
You may find yourself surprised to learn that you won’t just be paying for the car itself. It’s likely that there may be other fees that the dealer charges, as well.
Documentation and registry fees are standard. So is sales tax.
But your dealer may suddenly charge you additional fees that weren’t discussed in the negotiation.
Some dealers like to squeeze out as much money as possible. And they will by charging extra for extended warranties, dealer add-ons, and preparation fees.
If you didn’t ask for something like a new paint job or a dealer-installed accessory, then be adamant about not paying for it.
But to avoid confrontation, know these questions to ask when buying a car. That way, you know exactly what you’re paying for and won’t overpay unnecessarily.
For example, the Peugeot 3008 has optional equipment that owners can choose to add on after buying. Learn more about how to extend the base price of this vehicle with add-on features.
7. What Is the Gas Mileage? How Many Miles Are Already on It?
Part of figuring out how much you’ll pay for your vehicle boils down to gas mileage.
Gas guzzlers that don’t get a lot of miles per gallon will cost you more in the long run. But if you want a truck or SUV, and can afford the costs to fuel it, then this may not be an issue for you.
But if you’re on a budget, your goal should be to find a cost-effective car that won’t drain your wallet at the gas pump. Talk to your dealer and express your needs when it comes to gas mileage.
If you’re buying used, one of the first questions to ask when buying a car should be about its mileage. A used car’s mileage will determine how long you’ll drive it before needing to buy a new one.
8. What Other Amenities Does the Vehicle Come With?
Would a satellite radio or a sunroof be the things that sell you on a particular vehicle?
Ask your dealer about the types of amenities that a particular vehicle comes with. It’s not only fun to think about, but these things may also affect the pricing.
Car dealers are salesmen, so they know how to sell you on amenities. Don’t be afraid to put them on the spot and ask them something like: “Why should I buy this car?”
9. Can You Hold the Vehicle While I Make a Decision?
Some dealers will hold the car overnight, for a couple of days, or even up to a couple of weeks while you make a decision.
Buying a car is a big investment, and it’s not always an easy decision. You may even have other cars that you’re considering at other dealerships.
Talk to your dealer about their policy of holding a vehicle. That way you have time to make the best investment decision.
10. Will You Deliver the Vehicle?
Are you buying from a remote dealership that’s 1-2 hours away from your home?
If you are, you’ll probably need to make arrangements to have someone drive you to the dealership so you can pick up your new car. But if the dealership delivers, then you won’t need to worry about that.
Prepare Questions to Ask When Buying a Car
Now that you’re ready to ask the right questions about buying a car, it’s time to do some more research.
Believe it or not, there are more ways to better prepare yourself for buying a vehicle.
Purchasing a used vehicle can at first seem like an intimidating experience, but if you know the right questions to ask and have the right information at your disposal, you can navigate the process easily and with confidence.
The good news is that there are plenty of resources to help you learn about the history of a vehicle. In addition to a CARFAX Canada Vehicle History Report, a test drive and a pre-purchase inspection by a licensed mechanic, the seller of the vehicle can also shed light on any information about the vehicle that might be helpful to your decision making process.
Here’s a list of questions you should ask the car’s seller before you commit to buying:
Why are you selling the car? (Private seller)
The seller could answer this question in a few ways. They might be ready for an upgrade or perhaps the car’s size doesn’t suit their lifestyle anymore. It’s good to know the reasons behind this change because you might run into the same issues down the line.
How long have you owned the car?
If they recently purchased the vehicle and they are already selling it, take note as this could mean they ran into problems with car.
Who did you buy the vehicle from?
By asking this question, you should be able to get more details about how the car was driven, who the previous owners were and what’s happened over the lifespan of the car.
Where did you purchase the vehicle from?
This question will tell you whether the car was purchased from a dealership or another private seller, and if the car was purchased in a different province or country. Your CARFAX Canada report will also give you these registration details from across North America.
What’s the condition of the car?
Obviously you’ll want to inspect the car yourself, but take note of what the seller says. This is the seller’s chance to disclose any issues they’ve had in the past, any current problems or flaws in the appearance.
Can you describe the vehicle’s appearance? (Private seller)
If you’re searching through the classified ads for used cars, then you can save a lot of time by calling the seller and asking the important questions first over the phone. During the conversation, something could come up that will turn you off and this will save both your time and the seller’s time. You can also use the information you received over the phone and compare it to what you find out if you do decide to see the car in person.
How much mileage is on the car?
This is a chance to double check that the mileage quoted matches the car’s odometer. Can I see the VIN number, the vehicle ownership and your identification? You want to see this information to confirm that the seller is in fact the legal owner and to double check that the registration information matches with the car’s VIN number. Check your CARFAX Canada report as well to be sure the VIN and vehicle details in the report match up with the vehicle you see in front of you.
Do you have a Used Vehicle Information Package? (For purchases in Ontario)
The Ontario Ministry of Transportation requires that every privately sold vehicle (there are certain exceptions in regards to family, please visit the Ontario Ministry of Transportation website for more information) be accompanied with a Used Vehicle Information Package. This contains information about the vehicle as well as details and paperwork to finalize the sale.
While this is only an Ontario requirement, it’s always best to check with your provincial licensing office to see what’s required when buying a used car. Some provinces may require a safety inspection or emissions testing which either you or the seller will need to do before registering the vehicle.
Did the car have regular oil changes?
If maintenance or service records or receipts are available, ask to see them. These might not always be available (some owners may take care of the routine maintenance themselves), but if they are, they’ll give you a good indication of how well the previous owner took care of the car.
Has the car been in any accidents?
This is a chance for the seller to let you know about any incidents the car has been in, whether it be a minor fender bender or a major incident. Ask them to tell you where on the vehicle the damage occurred and what repair work was done. Review the CARFAX Canada report to ask about any critical accident data noted in the report.
Do you have a CARFAX Canada report?
CARFAX Canada’S fully bilingual vehicle history reports provide relevant and important information about the history of the vehicle, including accident information, information about liens registered against the vehicle in certain provinces and/or territories in Canada depending on the report you purchase, and U.S. history. If the seller has already purchased a CARFAX Canada report, then ask to see it so you can get details on the vehicle’s history. If they don’t have one available, get the VIN of the vehicle so you can purchase a report yourself.
Has anything on the car ever been replaced or updated?
New or recent updates could increase the value of the vehicle. From your perspective, these will also let you know how much money you can expect to invest in the vehicle down the line – if the car just had new tires put on, then you know that’s something you won’t need to do right away. Ask to see any receipts they might have to verify the updates.
Are there any mechanical problems I need to know about?
Research the model ahead of time and bring up any concerns you found to see if you’ll run into the same problems. Ask the seller if there are any current mechanical problems that will cost you money to fix once you’ve made the purchase.
What service has the dealership performed on the car since acquiring it? (Dealership)
This question will let you know what type of work has been done on the car, if any, since the previous owner.
How long of a test drive can I take?
Aim to spend up to 30 minutes on a test drive. You need time to evaluate how well the car runs and whether the car suits your lifestyle. If a private seller hesitates, invite them along for the ride. They’ll appreciate the chance to keep a watchful eye on their vehicle.
Can I take the car for an independent inspection?
It’s important that you take the car to a mechanic for a pre-purchase inspection so you can get an expert’s opinion on what’s happening with the car under the hood. If the seller hesitates then this could be a red flag that there’s something they don’t want you to know.
Do you take trade-ins? (Dealership)
Before you fully commit or get your heart set on a particular model, find out how much money the car will cost, once all the fees and taxes are included. If the price is higher than your budget, you might be able to offset a portion of the expenses with a trade-in.
Can we fix this problem before purchase?
If during your vehicle inspection, or through your mechanic’s inspection, you discover a flaw that can be fixed, see if it’s possible to get this done before you purchase the vehicle. Negotiate a deal with the seller that works for both parties.
By asking the seller these questions, you’ll gain insight into what’s happened over the lifetime of your next potential car and what type of investment you’ll have to make in the years to come. Arming yourself with this information will help you make a confident and informed decision about whether the car you’re looking at is the right one for you.
Depending on your credit history and some other factors, you may not have to put any money down.
Our lowest rate is 2.99%, call We Drive for details. Don’t get fooled by dealer’s low interest loan offers. Usually you give up a rebate when you finance for a special dealer rate, that raises the overall cost of purchasing your vehicle.
Why are your prices so much better than most dealers?
We offer better prices simply because of our low overheads. Industry Resources tell us that the Average new car dealer spends $50k in advertising, $50k in rent, $30k in paying salespeople commission, 30k to a sales manager, and the list goes on and on. We on the other hand spend virtually no money on advertising, we rely mostly on our past customers to spread the word. We do not have commissioned sales staff or behind the scenes sales Managers.
What is the condition of your vehicles?
Our inventory is primarily 1-Owner Carfax Certified cars and truck. Most of our vehicles are Factory Certification Eligible.
Where do you Source your used cars? 
Most of our vehicles are factory lease returns, factory program cars that are purchased directly from the leasing companies such as Lexus Financial, BMW Financial, Audi Financial, Mercedes Benz Credit, Honda and Acura Financial. Some vehicle are trade in to stores that carry mostly highline vehicles, such as an exotic dealer if they take a Toyota in trade would often wholesale to other dealers that specialize in that type of car. We also purchase 30 day and 60 day old vehicles from Toyota, BMW, Honda stores to such a name a few. All vehicles have been put thru rigorous safety inspections.
What kind of inspection do you perform on your used cars? 
All of our vehicles go thru an extensive mechanical, safety inspection, We take pride in delivering cars that meet and exceed industry standards for reconditioning. Our used cars inspection are made available to our customers. So if you are considering a used car please ask for your complimentary safety inspection report.
Can I order a used car? 
Yes, simply fill out our locater request and we will locate a vehicle that meets your requirements.
How much do you charge if I would like to locate a vehicle?
We do not have any locate fees, finder fees or any other fees associated with finding your dream car. You will get the same low price that we offer on all of our cars. Most of the time our prices are below Wholesale.
It is an incoming vehicle mean?
It indicates a vehicle that we have just acquired thru our dealer and wholesale network. It is in route to our dealership and will arrive typically 7-10 days after the purchase to allow for safety inspection, payment and title paperwork to be exchanged. We allow customers to be able to put a deposit to secure the vehicle.
What if I don't like the vehicle that I have a deposit for or I have purchased another vehicle?
All deposits taken for vehicle holds and/or purchases are non-refundable. If you decide to go with a different vehicle, the dealer may offer the option to switch the deposit to a different car at their own discretion.
Can I have an Independent inspection performed? 
Yes we welcome any independent inspection to be performed on all of our vehicles.
What is a Price check?
Price check service is a no obligation quote to compare the vehicle that you are in the market to purchase to see if you are really getting a good deal. There is no obligation to purchase from us or cost associated with this service. We will respond to price check inquires with a 24hour time frame, because the volume of request that we receive please be patient. Sending multiple inquires may cancel the original request. However different request may be submitted for different vehicles.
Do you take trade ins? Even if I owe money on my trade in?
Yes. We do take trades whether paid for or not.
Can you help? I have negative Equity i.e. I owe more on my trade than it is worth.
When you have negative equity it is usually the combination of paying too much for the vehicle as well as carrying over from your last purchase. We are experts when it comes to getting you a clean slate. We offer you a below wholesale price to offset the negative equity on your vehicle so you can quality for a bank loan.
What can I expect for my trade in?
We use variety of sources to appraise trade ins. As a general rule please check kb trade in to determine the value of your trade in . We typically pay between fair and good as long as the condition of the vehicle is good to excellent. Also we maintain the right to give more or less depending on a test drive and other factors.
Do you offer financing?
Yes, we do offer financing.
Why do you recommend appointments?
Since we are different than the average lot where a vehicle sits 90-120 days on Average. We would like to make sure the vehicle is still available. Also sometime it may be an incoming vehicle, or a customer has put a deposit hold.
Do you deal with Out of State buyers?
Yes we do we can help with the process of buying a car sight unseen and assist with shipping quotes.
Do your vehicles carry a Factory Warranty.
If the vehicle purchased is within the original Manufactures warranty we will transfer the coverage to you as the new owner.QUESTION ABOUT LOCATE SERVICE
What type of vehicles can you locate?
We are specialist trained car buyers and can assist with locating an everyday corolla or a rare exotic such as Ferrari or Lamborghini. We deal in just about every make and model, however 90% of our request are for the following brands. ( Acura, BMW, Lexus, Toyota, Nissan, Mercedes )
How long does it take to locate a vehicle?
Locate time frame has to do with your specific request. Since we work with our customers on a one on one basis, each request is very unique and can take a few days to several weeks. However our average time from order to delivery is 15 days. Some are faster and some are nearing 8 months or more to find that rare gem.
What if I am not satisfied with condition of the vehicle you locate?
Your 100% satisfaction is our priority and goal that we strive for and if you are not satisfied with a vehicle you do not have to purchase it.
How can I initiate a locate request?
Simply go to our website and fill a locate request and we will contact your to go over all the details.
How much do I have to pay?
Our fees vary but typically range from $1250 to $1500
Can I see the cars at the Auction?
Auction rules prohibit us from taking retail customers to any auction.
Can I see pictures of the vehicle that you will be purchasing?
We can provide several pictures and options list to make sure you are comfortable with the vehicle. As always we back that with a 100% satisfaction guarantee.
Many people are not required to put any money down on their car or truck purchase. Contact We Drive for details.
What are my legal rights when I buy a used car?
Your rights include:
? When you buy a used car from a dealer in the District of Columbia, you have the right to receive a car that runs, that can be driven safely, and that is reasonably reliable. This right is called "an implied warranty of merchantability."
? If there is a problem with the car that prevents you from operating it or operating it safely, then the dealer is legally required to fix the problem. If the dealer cannot or will not fix the problem, you have a right to return the car for a refund or to receive some money back.
? Generally, the greater the mileage on the car, the older the car, and the less expensive the car, the more serious a defect must be before you have a right to have the dealer fix it.
? If the problem arises after the written warranty has expired, you may be entitled to have a dealer repair items that go bad soon after the written warranty is up.
Remember, these rights apply if:
? You bought the car in the District of Columbia
AND
? You bought the car from a dealer (someone in the business of selling cars).
You do not have a right:
? to a used car that runs like a new car
OR
? to a used car that is free of defects.
What if the dealer says I can take his word for the good condition of the car?
Remember that spoken promises are difficult to enforce. Ask the dealer to put all promises in writing.
How do I know whether other warranties apply to the car?
Used car dealers are required by federal law to post a Buyers Guide in every used car that they offer for sale. The Buyers Guide contains important information for consumers, including whether the car comes with a written warranty. If a dealer is offering used cars that do not have Buyers Guides posted on them, you should consider going to another dealer.
What if I signed a paper saying I was purchasing the car 'as is'?
A dealer might ask you to sign a document saying that you are purchasing the car "as is." Remember that a dealer is not allowed to sell a car "as is" under District of Columbia law. So even if you have signed a document saying that you have purchased the car "as is," you cannot give up your legal rights as a consumer under the implied warranty of merchantability.
What can I do if a dealer refuses to honor a warranty?
If a dealer refuses to make repairs that are legally required by a written warranty or by the implied warranty of merchantability, you can sue the dealer for up to $5,000 in the Small Claims Branch of the D.C. Superior Court. The Small Claims Branch is designed to allow ordinary people to bring small cases without the help of a lawyer.
What are the laws that may help me in my case against a dealer? 
If you sue in the Small Claims Branch, you may ask the judge to consider the consumer's right to an implied warranty of merchantability, as provided by D.C. Code §§ 28:2-314 and 28:2-316.01(2).
You may also ask the judge to consider the District of Columbia's Consumer Protection Procedures Act, including the consumer rights provided by D.C. Code Section 28-3904 and the consumer remedies provided by D.C. Code Section 28-3905(k)(1).
What are some questions I should ask the salesperson about a used car? 
Did the dealer get the car as a trade-in or at an auction? If the dealer got the car at an auction, the dealer may not know much about the car's history.
If the dealer got the car at an auction, did the car come through the line on a "green light," "yellow light," or "red light"? A "green light" means that the seller denied knowing of any frame damage, water damage, or problems with the car's title. A "yellow light" or "red light" may mean a problem car.
If the dealer got the car as a trade-in, does the dealer have the former owner's service orders and repair tickets? If so, ask to see the service orders and repair tickets. Check whether the service orders include regular oil changes and other important maintenance items.
Has the car been involved in an accident? If so, ask to see the repair order.
May I test-drive the car?
May I have my mechanic inspect the car? If you don't know a mechanic, ask the local American Automobile Association (AAA) chapter for a list of mechanics or look for a car repair shop with the AAA sign.
Does the car come with a warranty? Which systems are covered by the warranty and which systems are not?
Will the dealer put the warranty and any other promises in writing?
You can also go to: www.chicagolemonlaw.com/carbuyersguide.pdf for a helpful checklist of questions you may wish to ask the dealer.
What should I avoid doing or saying when shopping for a used car?
Don't let the salesperson pressure you into making a quick decision, even if the salesperson tells you that the car will probably be gone by the next day.
Don't tell the salesperson how much you are willing to spend monthly on the car. First agree on the price of the car. Then discuss the financing.
Do not discuss a single price that combines the price you are going to pay for the car and the price the dealer is going to pay you for your trade-in. Agree on the price that you are going to pay the dealer for the car separately from the price that the dealer is going to pay you for your trade-in. Remember that you can buy the dealer's car without trading in your car. If the dealer doesn't offer a fair price for your car, you can sell it to another dealer or place an ad in the paper.
Don't agree to dealer financing before you have shopped for financing at a bank or credit union and know the other rates available to you.
Don't let the salesperson pressure you into purchasing insurance to pay off your loan in the event you die or become disabled or the car is stolen or destroyed. First, find out if your lender requires that kind of insurance and, if so, consider shopping for another lender. Also, if you are going to purchase that kind of insurance, consider whether you can save money by purchasing it from your own insurance agent rather than from the dealer.
What are some things I should check for when looking over a used car?
If the used car is offered by a dealer, check that a "Buyers Guide" form is displayed on the car. Is the form filled out? A dealer that does not display a completed Buyers Guide on each used car that is offered for sale is in violation of federal law. In the District of Columbia, a Buyers Guide should not state that the car is being offered "AS IS - NO WARRANTY" because a dealer is not allowed to sell a car "as is" under District of Columbia law.
Notice whether the seats and carpeting show unusual wear and tear.
Check for damage under the floor mats.
Inspect the car's interior (including the trunk) for mildew, rusting, or a musty smell, any of which may mean water damage.
Check that the windshield wipers, heater and defroster, air conditioner, radio, and horn all work.
Make sure that the oil pressure and alternator lights go on when you turn the ignition (that means the lights are working) and go off during your test drive.
Check that the windows move up and down easily and that the seats move back and forward properly.
Check that the owner's manual is in the glove compartment.
Check that all the interior and exterior lights, including brake lights and flashers, are working.
Look carefully for rust damage, which can greatly lower the value of a car.
Look for mismatched or wavy paint, which might mean that a fresh coat of paint is covering rust or other damage.
Check that all doors, including the trunk and hood, open and close easily.
Loose fitting doors may mean a history of heavy use or damage to the car.
Check for leaks under the car. Black fluid may be oil; reddish fluid may be from the automatic transmission; greenish fluid is likely to be antifreeze. Brake fluid has an oily, strong odor.
Check the tires for uneven wear, which may mean bad shocks, misalignment, or poor wheel balance.
Press down on the bumper and release. If the shock absorbers are working right, the car should only bounce once.
Crouch in front or behind the car at a distance and check that the front and back tires line up. If they don't line up, the car has an alignment problem
What should my mechanic check for?
Note: If you don't know a mechanic, ask the local American Automobile Association (AAA) chapter for a list of mechanics or look for a car repair shop with the AAA sign.
Does the mileage shown on the odometer seem to be consistent with the condition of the car?
If the car made any strange sounds during the test drive, what might those sounds mean?
Any of the serious problems that used cars may have, such as:
Frame & Body
Frame-cracks, corrective welds, or rusted through
Dogtracks - bent or twisted frame
Engine
Oil leakage, excluding normal seepage
Cracked block or head
Belts missing or inoperable
Knocks or misses related to camshaft lifters and push rods
Abnormal exhaust discharge
Transmission and Drive Shaft
Improper fluid level or leakage, excluding normal seepage
Cracked or damaged case which is visible
Abnormal noise or vibration caused by faulty transmission or drive shaft
Improper shifting or functioning in any gear
Manual clutch slips or chatters
Differential
Improper fluid level or leakage excluding normal seepage
Cracked or damaged housing which is visible
Abnormal noise or vibration caused by faulty differential
Cooling System
Leakage including radiator
Improperly functioning water pump
Electrical System
Battery leakage
Improperly functioning alternator, generator, battery, or starter
Fuel System
Visible leakage
Inoperable Accessories
Gauges or warning devices not operating
Brake System
Failure warning light broken
Pedal not firm under pressure (DOT spec.)
Not enough pedal reserve (DOT spec.)
Does not stop vehicle in straight line (DOT spec.)
Hoses damaged
Drum or rotor too thin (Mfr. Specs)
Lining or pad thickness less than 1/32 inch
Power unit not operating or leaking
Structural or mechanical parts damaged
Steering System
Too much free play at steering wheel (DOT specs)
Free play in linkage more than ¼ inch
Steering gear binds or jams
Front wheels aligned improperly (DOT specs)
Power unit belts cracked or slipping
Power unit fluid level improper
Suspension System
Ball joint seals damaged
Structural parts bent or damaged
Stabilizer bar disconnected
Spring broken
Shock absorber mounting loose
Rubber bushings damaged or missing
Radius rod damaged or missing
Shock absorber leaking or functioning improperly
Tires
Tread depth less than 2/32 inch
Sizes mismatched
Visible damage
Wheels
Visible cracks, damage or repairs
Mounting bolts loose or missing
Exhaust System
Leakage
What should I do after I buy a used car?
Take the car to a new car dealership for the same brand of car. For example, if you bought a used Ford, take it to a dealership that sells and services new Ford cars. Ask the service manager to check whether any safety recalls have been issued for the car, and whether the recall work was ever done. To check a car's recall history, all the service manager needs to know is the car's year, make, model, and Vehicle Identification Number (VIN).
If recall work needs to be done, the dealership will usually do it for free, even if you are not the original owner of the car. If you have trouble finding a dealership that will check for safety recalls, you should be able to get this information by calling the manufacturer or importer of the car.
What would be a fair price for me to pay for a used car?
The most accurate information is available through the "Black Book." However, this information is not generally available to you. The Black Book shows wholesale prices at which dealers purchase cars at area auctions. You can ask the dealer to see his copy of the Black Book. The Black Book price of a car depends on how good or bad the condition of the car is: rough, average, clean and extra clean.
Generally, do not pay more than $1,000 to $1,500 above the cost shown in the Black Book for a car in average condition; you may need to pay a higher mark-up for higher priced cars.
Where can I find more information about used car pricing?
You should check your local newspapers to see the asking prices for the kind of car you are interested in buying or trading in. The "asking price" is simply the price the seller would like to get for the car and may not reflect the actual value of the car.
You can also look for reported prices on websites:
www.kbb.com
This website provides information on used car values based on the make, model and condition of the car.
www.nada.com
This is the website of the National Association of Auto Dealers.
www.theautochannel.com
This site shows the prices at which a particular make and model of a car has been sold. You can find the link to "true used car values" under "Auto Research." The site does not make any guarantees with regard to the data listed and does not recommend the exclusive use of their site or any other tool in determining a car's fair market value.
Where can I find more information about buying a car?Various websites provide useful information on what you need to know if you're looking to buy a car.
www.edmunds.com
You can find buying tips, finance tips and other useful pricing information here. You can click on the "Tips and Advice" button to see some of the tips the site has to offer. On the left side of the page you will also see a box for "Article Keyword Search." You can type in what you're looking for and the website will show you the information it has available.
www.carbuyingtips.com
This site has valuable information on how you can get a good deal if you plan to buy a used car. But you will need to look for this information between many ads.
www.checkbook.org
This site provides its services for a fee. You can subscribe to the Consumer Checkbook's CarDeals newsletter that provides updated information on incentives and rebates. They also operate a car buying service in the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area.
Where can I find help if things to wrong?
The National Consumer Law Center has a number of publications that have been written for consumers. These include books on Surviving Debt, Consumer Rights for Immigrants and Return to Sender, a book on how to get rid of a car that turns out to be a lemon (unsatisfactory or defective). These publications can be purchased at www.nclc.org.
There are also consumer groups that you can contact. One such group is The Center for Auto Safety, a national, non-profit safety and consumer advocacy group that tracks complaints on lemons. It also has information packets on common defects. You can visit their website at: www.autosafety.com or call them at (202) 328-7700.
If you live in D.C., report any bad conduct to the Office of the Attorney General for the District of Columbia and the Federal Trade Commission. The Attorney General's office can help you understand your rights. The D.C. Attorney General's office has a Consumer Hotline for you to call, at (202) 442-9828. You can also call the FTC at (202) FTC-HELP, that is, (202) 382-4357, or go towww.ftc.gov. While the D.C. Attorney General or FTC will not sue for just one person, if they think a company may be repeatedly violating the law, they may investigate and take legal action.
You should report safety defects to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration at 1(888) 367-1100 or go to www.nhtsa.gov.
The Center for Auto Safety maintains a list of lawyers across the country who handle motor vehicle disputes (www.autosafety.org). Consumers can identify lawyers with expertise in motor vehicle and other consumer issues through the National Association of Consumer Advocates, at www.naca.net (go to its Resource Center, scroll down until you see a list of "NACA contacts in the area of . . . [different specialties, such as Lemon Law]").
You can also register complaints about "lemon" (unsatisfactory or defective) cars at www.autosafety.com, the website of the Center for Auto Safety.
You can pick up the bike on the day of your reservation from your selected location
Attachments
2 Attachments
text,label
The much-awaited Hyundai Grand i10 Nios has finally launched in India. For all you need to know Visit :… https://t.co/aNaeJXavYA,1
"RT @PriceIsRight: Zane is so excited to drive his new car... and by the looks of it, so is his granddaughter!! ??
#TPIRPostYourPrize #NewCar…",1
R15 000 off the market price for a brand new BMW X3 sDrive18d??? For deals like this head over to… https://t.co/o94ym9NPd5,1
"RT @PriceIsRight: Zane is so excited to drive his new car... and by the looks of it, so is his granddaughter!! ??
#TPIRPostYourPrize #NewCar…",1
"RT @MoneyNetworkHub: How Car Dealerships Rip You Off!
https://t.co/E4VDuqU1Sk
#Automobile #Bank #Banks #Buy #Cars #Cash #CreditUnions #Deal…",1
#Congratulations to Miss. Antara on her #2019 #Mazda #CX5 #GS ????! Thank you for choosing #airportmazdaoftoronto for… https://t.co/s2lmmJdlmW,1
Shout Out to My Daughter @Leek13leeek Just Got Her A New Whip #ToyotaRav #NewNurse #NewCar #NoDebt! #NewBeginnings… https://t.co/SjKXfGjPfq,1
"RT @LadyGothamm: I've had my car for 99 days, brand new off the lot. 10,000kms... guess I drive a lot. At this rate I'll burn through my wa…",1
"It's mine now!! ???? It feels like it took forever but finally the owner of a GT-R ?? 
#nissangtr #nissan #gtr… https://t.co/rSFsxhdkmR",1
I can’t WAIT to poop on these fancy seats ?????? #newcar #grandcherokee #jeep #roadtrip #crosscountry #wheels #travel… https://t.co/ndZWFIA4cX,1
"RT @LadyGothamm: I've had my car for 99 days, brand new off the lot. 10,000kms... guess I drive a lot. At this rate I'll burn through my wa…",1
"RT @LadyGothamm: I've had my car for 99 days, brand new off the lot. 10,000kms... guess I drive a lot. At this rate I'll burn through my wa…",1
"I've had my car for 99 days, brand new off the lot. 10,000kms... guess I drive a lot. At this rate I'll burn throug… https://t.co/Dh55ru3teU",1
"Congratulations to Dan and Irene and their new Lexus ES 350.
#TriCountyLexus #Lexus… https://t.co/Mg5BM9d6J4",1
"2009 BMW 328i https://t.co/sz0YBqlRbb
#certifiedpreowned #preowned #superdeal #louisiana #mario #marioloranca… https://t.co/HmgVdXZEhn",1
We got plenty of amazing deals happening. Contact us today 818-946-2272 #chooseCarGeeks #newcar,1
#newcar #charger #hemi thankful and very grateful for my new car right before my birthday on Saturday I’ve waited a… https://t.co/ixs3y2IlBu,1
Meet Betty Blue ?? #subarucrosstrek #newcar #subienubie #happydeanne #tayleranddeanne https://t.co/3LI4BR45xn,1
Our hearts are split between these places. #DEN??ATX. #enoughsaid #muffin #newplate #newcar @nrp jpaulsen_ tr3vpaul… https://t.co/ipSZ5mB1jS,1
It’s taken me a little while to post this because I kept forgetting to take pics but I got a new car! It’s so prett… https://t.co/dS1q0FahXn,1
"RT @LeicsPoliceRPU: This morning sees the arrival of a new car to our fleet!! OT06, a Vauxhall Insignia VXR!! Another tool in our box to ke…",1
Looking for your next car? Not sure what your should be looking for? Here are my 5 things to remember when choosing… https://t.co/PhwI2KCgll,1
We're making room for 2020 vehicles to arrive so come get your best deal now on a 2019 Buick or GMC! ?????? #newcar… https://t.co/ee3N82Z9T0,1
"Perhaps surprisingly, younger car buyers appear to be visiting more dealerships based on this survey.… https://t.co/GB1U5iDV7h",1
"Your Turn To Shine Laura!
Congratulations on your #newcar ????? ??? #Thankyou for your #time ? and #business. Welcom… https://t.co/tqkYGiJ2gO",1
"RT @IDI0TSYNCRATIC: Alex dies in the sun, @Rulex_19 accidentally wins $20, @brandonkarlis ACTUALLY SHOWS UP, Amanda is Forest Gump and Just…",1
#MercedesBenz has revealed the #A250e and #B250e #plugin #hybrid models. The #AClass variant is coming to… https://t.co/kJIvcJdZ1A,1
"RT @LeicsPoliceRPU: This morning sees the arrival of a new car to our fleet!! OT06, a Vauxhall Insignia VXR!! Another tool in our box to ke…",1
"Dave C. picked up the keys to his new 2020 Kia Soul! Looking sharp, Dave! #newcar #kiasoul #2020soul #andersonkia… https://t.co/dWWoO93HK4",1
"We are now family @subaru_usa , thank you @SubaruClearlake #Subaru  #Ascent #ascentadventure #NewCar https://t.co/qcncohyD9N",1
"She’s a 2018 (Luna was a 2016) Hyundai Tucson with 41,000 miles (Luna had 88,000 when I bought her) plus I got Dory… https://t.co/XJpsR66YCr",1
"Check out our latest prestige cars: https://t.co/8dhGQZPfGj
#prestigecars #luxurycars #sportscar #performancecars… https://t.co/ojwkN5E4fk",1
Anyone for pizza? ??Don’t think I’ll be able to lose this car in a car park ?? #newwheels #newcar #papajohns… https://t.co/4jeQWlztxJ,1
I did a thing yesterday. ??  I’d like to introduce everyone to “Zazu”. He’s a 2018 RAV4... which of course RAV are m… https://t.co/kIRoDL9nIS,1
RT @Valley_Nissan: Congratulations to Jeremiah and Sara on their pre-loved Odyssey! A big thank you from sales consultants  Marcos and Alex…,1
"RT @DonnellyGroupNI: We were delighted to hand over the keys to The Sullivans from Wexford, collecting their new E Class Mercedes from Phil…",1
"Electric Spider wants to be released! 
.
.
.
.
.
#fiat #spider #fiatspider #fiat124 #pininfarina #ev #electriccar… https://t.co/nssdI4OfRZ",1
Come get your Summer of Jeep Savings at Advantage in Mount Dora! Ask about our 0% for 72 months financing special!… https://t.co/gZEvjVawAU,1
Congratulations to Jeremiah and Sara on their pre-loved Odyssey! A big thank you from sales consultants  Marcos and… https://t.co/FbhM46TucZ,1
"RT @LeicsPoliceRPU: This morning sees the arrival of a new car to our fleet!! OT06, a Vauxhall Insignia VXR!! Another tool in our box to ke…",1
"RT @TCHarrisonFord: Old vs new! What are your thoughts on the new Puma? ??
Don't forget you can see it in the flesh at our Derby dealership…",1
"RT @BigCheddarBob1: Work hard, play hard
#NewCar https://t.co/PXyHXa1emQ",1
"We were delighted to hand over the keys to The Sullivans from Wexford, collecting their new E Class Mercedes from P… https://t.co/teMtRlzkCj",1
The 10 Most Popular Luxury Cars #NewCar #LuxuryCars https://t.co/6jbWEWRKvM https://t.co/XDuh5nInTP,1
"RT @PriceIsRight: Zane is so excited to drive his new car... and by the looks of it, so is his granddaughter!! ??
#TPIRPostYourPrize #NewCar…",1
"RT @TCHarrisonFord: Old vs new! What are your thoughts on the new Puma? ??
Don't forget you can see it in the flesh at our Derby dealership…",1
#Pee In The #Cars by @LTCartoons #carsales #usedcars #newcar #authodealership #funny #humor #cartoon #comic https://t.co/yMkrjp4oPb,1
"When Buying New: Do Talk to Your Insurance Agent about Rates?? ??
 https://t.co/40uQR4slcB
#NewCar #Insurance… https://t.co/I0OaCcRaj1",1
"RT @LeicsPoliceRPU: This morning sees the arrival of a new car to our fleet!! OT06, a Vauxhall Insignia VXR!! Another tool in our box to ke…",1
"Time to Upgrade your old Car, then take a look at our latest Vauxhall Mokka X Car Lease Deals… https://t.co/PwXoMWfZlO",1
"Crafted to conquer new roads with confidence and style! | 2019 Honda CR-V
https://t.co/aKMX6FQnAT… https://t.co/C4HvN431fA",1
"RT @AMTAutoUK: Our expert leasing consultant shares why more people are leasing cars. https://t.co/ytZR5CT1il
#cars #carlease #luxurycars…",1
"Our expert leasing consultant shares why more people are leasing cars. https://t.co/ytZR5CT1il
#cars #carlease… https://t.co/AclS6M4o0S",1
"From a commute-ready work horse, to the car that makes your summer, Honda makes it, and Rock Honda is here to hook… https://t.co/HUXDDyb5LK",1
"If you're looking for a small car that turns heads, the Ibiza is a great choice. Stylish, fun to drive, and a great… https://t.co/VOWSpY4ywI",1
The Buick Enclave Avenir welcomes you into an interior of luxury and refinement.   Shop our inventory online at… https://t.co/d2uC1rZ5v3,1
"RT @LeicsPoliceRPU: This morning sees the arrival of a new car to our fleet!! OT06, a Vauxhall Insignia VXR!! Another tool in our box to ke…",1
RT @ListerCars: New Lister Knobbly! Pure driving perfection! ?????? #Listercars #supercar #newcar #carlaunch #carsofinstagram #carswithoutlimi…,1
"RT @WatfordAudi: It's now even easier to drive home in luxury thanks to our low initial deposit and low monthly payment deals! 
Discover o…",1
#carlease #carleasing #cars #newcar #cardeals #latestcars https://t.co/bNQTrvmNjF",1
"Loving my new babe
#talonzout #talonsout #blueteam #lancer #mitsubishi #newcar https://t.co/CG22AYvIML",1
"Trade-in your current vehicle for something new or sell it without buying another!
Get the process started today:… https://t.co/0ABlGu9elg",1
Congratulations Yaw on your #Kia #Rio 5-Door from Beth Daffan at Van Griffith Kia! #NewCar https://t.co/lWfY6yQajm,1
"RT @IDI0TSYNCRATIC: Alex dies in the sun, @Rulex_19 accidentally wins $20, @brandonkarlis ACTUALLY SHOWS UP, Amanda is Forest Gump and Just…",1
"Alex dies in the sun, @Rulex_19 accidentally wins $20, @brandonkarlis ACTUALLY SHOWS UP, Amanda is Forest Gump and… https://t.co/Kc2hvSjazV",1
"RT @PriceIsRight: Zane is so excited to drive his new car... and by the looks of it, so is his granddaughter!! ??
#TPIRPostYourPrize #NewCar…",1
"RT @PriceIsRight: Zane is so excited to drive his new car... and by the looks of it, so is his granddaughter!! ??
#TPIRPostYourPrize #NewCar…",1
"Zane is so excited to drive his new car... and by the looks of it, so is his granddaughter!! ??
#TPIRPostYourPrize… https://t.co/QBg9wgpV69",1
Congratulations Miguel on your #Ford #Mustang from Eric Williams at Waxahachie Ford! #NewCar https://t.co/ziW35XT5xS,1
"Find out more: https://t.co/RCehyUdQFT
#carlease #carleasing #cars #newcar #cardeals #latestcars https://t.co/bNQTrvmNjF",1
"Pave your own path in the Q50s.
#INFINITI #INFINITICanada #INFINITIQ50s #Q50s #Car #Cars… https://t.co/gtK3S4yutu",1
Congratulations Teresa on your #Nissan #Rogue Sport from Rubel Harmon at Waxahachie Nissan! #NewCar https://t.co/m7agM7TLSO,1
Congratulations Earl on your #Nissan #Kicks from Rubel Harmon at Waxahachie Nissan! #NewCar https://t.co/m1TKk74Aa9,1
"The Vauxhall Mokka X Griffin Plus is available now!
#vauxhall #vauxhalluk #vauxhallmokka #griffin #limitededition… https://t.co/BkOVj19ORo",1
"RT @LeicsPoliceRPU: This morning sees the arrival of a new car to our fleet!! OT06, a Vauxhall Insignia VXR!! Another tool in our box to ke…",1
"If you're looking to get a new car, you may be eligible to receive $100's cash back through our BonusDrive! Allstat… https://t.co/kwhzxNXR1W",1
"RT @LeicsPoliceRPU: This morning sees the arrival of a new car to our fleet!! OT06, a Vauxhall Insignia VXR!! Another tool in our box to ke…",1
"Boy, it would be nice if you could just pick the car you like, buy it and drive off... but slow down! Make sure you… https://t.co/MTaWbh0m1m",1
"With school starting, as well as, all the events of the school year, do you find yourself wishing you had more room… https://t.co/ZkhY2x5aqt",1
Congrats on your new car!!! And thank you for choosing Henderson Chevrolet!! #chevy #chevrolet #newcar… https://t.co/bquJpaEcoo,1
"Our website is live, so why not register your details now for the new #69plate.
Our experts can guide you on your n… https://t.co/BFLPnElF2y",1
"Personality vs. Pocketbook: Should you lease, finance, or pay cash for your next car? #NewCar https://t.co/itN0KeXoBm",1
Hubster and I made our first purchase together as a married couple yesterday and got ourselves a new car ?? it’s PEE… https://t.co/DT3rjwyZi3,1
"RT @LeicsPoliceRPU: This morning sees the arrival of a new car to our fleet!! OT06, a Vauxhall Insignia VXR!! Another tool in our box to ke…",1
"RT @LeicsPoliceRPU: This morning sees the arrival of a new car to our fleet!! OT06, a Vauxhall Insignia VXR!! Another tool in our box to ke…",1
Janice Davison collecting her new Hyundai Tucson she ordered through our #sourceit service #mbmotorsni #ballymena… https://t.co/lfnAmqlb43,1
"Everything is easier when insured!
#Insurance #AutoInsurance #Florida #Miami #Car #DeltoroInsurance #Protection… https://t.co/GCYDM4ZjRV",1
"Old vs new! What are your thoughts on the new Puma? ??
Don't forget you can see it in the flesh at our Derby dealers… https://t.co/zPCk08Mp5f",1
"#Repost from @gehazrabbani with @regram.app 
My idea for All New Honda Mobilio.
Yay or nay?
#drawing… https://t.co/SHr1HLRVKJ",1
"?????? 
MERCEDES-BENZ A180 Hatch Sport from £136
INCLUDING 3FREE SERVICES
STOCK New 69 Reg Metallic
£2999+VAT +23 6000… https://t.co/PFCadgxInC",1
"View our wide range of affordable, top quality pre-owned cars online. Contact us today for more information on our… https://t.co/eJz04XpL60",1
"View our wide range of affordable, top quality pre-owned cars online. Contact us today for more information on our… https://t.co/91A0Qe1r1A",1
"Who loves that 'new car' smell??? 
Have you ever wondered what it actually is???
FACT: #DidYouKnow that the 'new ca… https://t.co/2sOj61UmpJ",1
"View our wide range of affordable, top quality pre-owned cars online. Contact us today for more information on our… https://t.co/bRfgmTUUnl",1
"View our wide range of affordable, top quality pre-owned cars online. Contact us today for more information on our… https://t.co/AzfS3jG7VP",1
This Hyundai Tucson ordered through our #sourceit service and ready to be collected by Judith Nellins from Armagh… https://t.co/lrKGlwuu1l,1
"Prices have been revealed for the more powerful, performance-focused version of the Alpine A110, which goes on sale… https://t.co/8irkj5IfTt",1
"View our wide range of affordable, top quality pre-owned cars online. Contact us today for more information on our… https://t.co/uwTgI4hROQ",1
"RT @MobilityPremium: View our wide range of affordable, top quality pre-owned cars online. Contact us today for more information on our pre…",1
"From DMV fees—who here knows what a ""HUT"" is?—to gas expenses to insurance, here are the hidden fees that are assoc… https://t.co/t3CH7u6nOy",1
"Congratulations to these very happy customers who have all collected their new Nissan cars from us! ????
Thank you f… https://t.co/p1pA2HVNT9",1
"View our wide range of affordable, top quality pre-owned cars online. Contact us today for more information on our… https://t.co/gCpacArk4P",1
"Is summer holiday fun impacting on you buying a new car? We can help you finance your new vehicle.
#carfinance… https://t.co/43ghGWVCNv",1
"Take a look at our BIK calculator: https://t.co/obFOpYm8km
#companycar #bik #businesscar #newcar #latestcars https://t.co/NaABafqoET",1
"View our wide range of affordable, top quality pre-owned cars online. Contact us today for more information on our… https://t.co/ZQMgU0RcNV",1
"View our wide range of affordable, top quality pre-owned cars online. Contact us today for more information on our… https://t.co/2rLc6SsLsl",1
RT @Toyota_Medway: Make sure you head down to @HempsteadValley Shopping Centre and meet the Medway team. We have some great Toyota cars for…,1
Enter for your chance to win a #Honda Civic from @hotwheels https://t.co/mpk58e1fk5 #sweeps #sweepstakes #car #newcar,1
"Which #nline would you have?
"Dacia has bolstered its Duster SUV range with a new entry-level petrol engine, although the good news is tempered b… https://t.co/VlpB5E8tSp",1
"#TravelTuesday #newcar #sales
Check out our new vehicle.  If you see our salesman on the road give us a honk. https://t.co/dNyJJE61YV",1
"RT @AMTAutoUK: How does leasing work? From initial contact through to getting your new car, we tell you exactly what to expect. Find out mo…",1
The 2020 @Toyota Corolla: Greater Than Ever! Test drive today and learn more at https://t.co/ThXkIzYjxY ??  #Corolla… https://t.co/DLsnexwQb0,1
"How does leasing work? From initial contact through to getting your new car, we tell you exactly what to expect. Fi… https://t.co/izksrsX6Vu",1
RT @ListerCars: New Lister Knobbly! Pure driving perfection! ?????? #Listercars #supercar #newcar #carlaunch #carsofinstagram #carswithoutlimi…,1
Congratulations Elena Sanchez on your #Nissan #Rogue from Jose Enriquez at Nissan of Torrance! #NewCar https://t.co/Npqg0VBfPM,1
"RT @AMTAutoUK: Find out more: https://t.co/RCehyUdQFT