Here are 14 things you should keep in mind and make sure you do when you’re test-driving a new car, from before to during to after.
Bring your phones, cords and other loose items you’d regularly use and store in a car to make sure there are ample cubbies and storage places to accommodate your needs.
Take a moment to see how easy it is to pair your phone to the car's Bluetooth, and if the vehicle is equipped with voice recognition, take a look at how well it works and responds to your requests.
If you often have coffee or another beverage while driving, bring along your favorite to-go mug to make sure it fits well in the cup holders.
If you use a stroller and/or car seat, bring those along as well to ensure there’s ample room to install and comfortably fit them.									
Play with the sun visors to make sure they offer adequate protection from distracting rays. Little things like this may seem very insignificant in the grand scheme of a car’s offerings, but they’re also the things that will repeatedly annoy you while you’re on the road.
Try out the air conditioning and climate controls on maximum to see how user-friendly they are, how well the air flows, how quickly the car heats up or cools down, how loud it sounds and where the system blows the most air.								
Experiment with the controls and infotainment system to see how adjustable the lighting and the screen illumination is.										
Register the interior quietness (or loudness) of the vehicle, and imagine yourself having a normal conversation with a passenger in the front seat.													
Check the audio source reception, including AM, FM, satellite and any auxiliary connections you might use. (You may want to check these multiple times in different areas during the drive, since reception gets better or worse in certain places.
								
If possible, you should take the car for a drive at night to see how well the headlights illuminate the road. If you go on your test drive during the day, take it under a bridge or into a tunnel to test the headlights and see how legible the instruments are when it’s dark.								
Find a stretch of highway or freeway so you can see how the car handles on the open road. During this phase of the test drive, take a listen for wind noise, rattles, squeaks and other abnormal noises.								
Pull into a parking lot, park and get out of the car. You’re going to be parking your car multiple times pretty much every day, so you want to see how easy it is to maneuver into a space, how easy it is to get out of the car when it’s parked next to another vehicle
You’ll also want to get back in the car and check for rear visibility while backing out.
Set the driver’s seat to your ideal position, and then get into the seat behind it to make sure there will be enough leg room for friends, loved ones and other passengers who might rear bumpers start.								
5 additional questions to ask yourself during your test drive					
Do the brakes allow you to make smooth and abrupt stops?					
Would you be comfortable having your spouse or partner’s parents riding in the backseat?								
Beyond off-the-line acceleration, does the vehicle provide good second-effort acceleration between 20-40 mph?										
How does the car compare to your current vehicle — and what do you like or dislike (if anything) about it
Would you be willing to rent the car for the same monthly amount you’re buying it for?
Questions to ask after test-driving a car			
Ask if they can show you any pertinent features beyond the test drive, such as operating the trunk, doors, controls or other noteworthy items they feel make the vehicle stand out against the competition. 
This lets the salesperson do their job, which they'll appreciate if they’re good at it. (Results may vary.)							
Ask questions about vehicle features you may have heard of as well, and let them show you.
For those who prefer having physical information, ask if they have a full brochure on the vehicle you’re interested in, so you have all the specs on the vehicle, as well as all the trim levels, options and color choices available.							
Some people prefer to process information on paper rather than on a screen. Researching a vehicle on the Internet will offer more information, but with a purchase of this magnitude, always research a vehicle in the way that’s most comfortable to you. 
This will help you better understand the information.							
Ask if they have any comparison materials for the vehicle to help you research and whittle down the choices later.										
Other information to get after a new car test drive										
If you want — and they almost always offer it anyway — ask for the salesperson’s card. 
This doesn’t mean you’ll use it, and I recommend negotiating directly with a manger; it just means you recognize the time they spent helping you out of courtesy							
1. Is it a case of just jumping in the car and heading down the road?						
“Before you get behind the wheel of a used car, take a good look all around,” recommends Driving.co.uk, the Sunday Times’ car buying website. 
“Does all the paintwork match? Are the wheels and tyres in good condition, with no corrosion or cracks?”							
Mismatched paintwork could indicate an accident, while if there’s major damage or corrosion it could mean the car failed its last MOT, so you may not want to take the test drive at all.							
Driving.co.uk also says that any rattles from the engine or warning lights should not be ignored, nor should smoke from the exhaust.												
2. Do you need insurance?
Yes, always, if you want to drive on the road. If you have your own car insurance, check with your insurance company to see if you can drive someone else’s car. If you don’t have insurance, a trader or private seller’s insurance might cover you – you will need to ask them.							
Some insurers provide temporary car insurance of between one and 28 days, which you could take out to test drive a car for a longer period.												
3. For how long should you take the car out?				
It depends, but get as much time behind the wheel as you can, on a variety of roads. WhatCar.com assumes you’ll only get about 20 minutes behind the wheel, usually on routes dictated by the seller (dealers often have set routes).							
4. What surfaces should you test the car on?
CarBuyer.co.uk recommends driving on “fast dual carriageways, slow country routes and stop-start, speed-bumped town roads” as this will give you an idea of how the car behaves in most of the situations in which you’re likely to be driving it.
Broken, potholed roads can be particularly revealing.				
5. What should you be looking for while on the test drive?
6. How can you test a car’s key features and specifications?					
Each type of car will require a different focus.					
“In terms of equipment, don’t expect executive levels of luxury in a supermini,” WhatCar.com says. “Instead, compare like with like, and standard equipment between competing models, to establish the value for money you’re getting.							
Consider the intuitiveness of the controls and check the position of switches: can you reach them easily from a comfortable driving position? Are the instruments easy to read?”							
“If you’re buying a family car and have small children, take your child seat along and check that it fits- journalist Lizzie Catt (@Lizzie_Catt). “Check how easy it is to get the seat and your child in and out, and look for lots of handy storage compartments.”							
Check braking power as well: it differs between cars, but brakes should “at least pull the car to a stop quickly and without pulling to one side”. You should also check that the car doesn’t pull left or right when travelling in a straight line at a constant speed.							
Gear changes should be smooth and the clutch should bite about half way along the pedal’s travel, according to Driving.co.uk. Automatic gearboxes should also be smooth, with no jerkiness.							
Luckily, most of it will be obvious: unusual clunks from the suspension, or creaks and knocking sounds during tight turns can indicate problems, and if you’re struggling to find gears it could be a fault with the car, not you
A: I really love the look of this car.
B: Would you like to test drive this car?
A: Yes, I would love to take it for a drive.
B: I'll go get the keys, and you can get out your Driver's License and Proof of Insurance.
A: Here's my Driver's License and Proof of Insurance.
B: Well, just sign this card, and we'll be on our way. Don't forget to buckle your seatbelt!
A: Can I take it on the freeway to check for acceleration?
B: That would be fine; just don't exceed the speed limit!
A: This car handles great, and I love it!
B: I am glad that you like this car.
A: The styling of this car really appeals to me.
B: Would you like to take this car for a spin?
A: That would be a great idea.
B: Fine, all I'll need from you is your Driver's License and Proof of Insurance.
A: I've got my Driver's License and Proof of Insurance ready.
B: OK, after you sign this card, we'll take a spin. Make sure you buckle your seatbelt!
A: I would like to go on the freeway to test it for speed.
B: As long as you don't exceed the speed limit, that would be fine.
A: Whoa, this car has wonderful pickup!
B: Yes, this is a very popular car.
A: I need to get my driver's license.
B: You need to take your driving test. Have you?
A: No, I still need to take it.
B: Please fill out this paperwork.
A: All right, but will I be able to take my test today?
B: Actually, you're going to have to make an appointment first.
A: May I make one right now, please?
B: Sure, you can. The soonest day available will be this Friday.
A: Friday will be fine.
B: What time can you come in?
A: I would like to do it sometime in the morning.
B: I'll schedule you for 11 o'clock, Friday morning.
A: Wow, what a cool car!
B: How about taking this car out for a drive to see if you like how it handles?
A: I would enjoy seeing how it handles.
B: While I'm getting the keys, you just need to take out your Driver's License and Proof of Insurance.
A: I found my Driver's License and Proof of Insurance.
B: Great! Sign this card, buckle your seatbelt, and we'll hit the road.
A: I want to take the car up to freeway speed.
B: Take a left at the next signal to enter the freeway. Just keep it under the speed limit!
A: This car has a nice smooth ride, even on the freeway.
B: You know, I've driven it myself, and I agree with you.
A: I would like to get my driver's license today.
B: You will have to take your driving test. Have you taken it yet?
A: I haven't taken it yet.
B: Could you fill these papers out, please?
A: Can I take my test right now?
B: You need an appointment.
A: I would like to do that right now, if I could.
B: Is Friday good for you?
A: That's perfect.
B: Okay, so Friday at what time?
A: The morning would be nice.
B: All right. Come in on Friday at 11:00.
A: How can I get my driver's license?
B: Have you taken your driving test yet?
A: I have yet to take my driving test.
B: Okay, first I'm going to need you to fill out the paperwork.
A: When can I take my test?
B: You'll have to make an appointment for that.
A: I would like to make one right now.
B: How does Friday sound?
A: That would be great.
B: What time would you like to take the test?
A: If I could do it in the morning, then that would be good.
B: Eleven o'clock on Friday morning. See you then
Driving Officer: Okay. Mr. Smith. Let's begin your road test.
Mr. Smith: Oh. I know I'm ready. I've been practicing in my driveway all week.
Driving Officer: Okay. Mr. Smith. As I'm sure you are aware, you will not only be tested on your knowledge of the rules of the road, but on your behavior toward other motorists.
Mr. Smith: Okey-dokey.
Driving Officer: Okay. Now you can start your car.
Mr. Smith: Yeah, right. 
Here we go!
Driving Officer: Whoa! Take it easy. The speed limit in this business district is only 25 miles an hour. [Oh]. All right. Now, turn right at the next corner . . . [This corner?] Na, not here! Wow! You forgot to signal too!
Mr. Smith: Gosh. I didn't see that one, and . . . Ah, Could you grab my cell phone under my seat. [Huh?] Nah, I'll get it.
Driving Officer: Oh, Mr. Smith. Keep your eyes on the road!
Mr. Smith: Oh yeah.
Driving Officer: Okay. Now, pull over here and show me that you can parallel park.
Mr. Smith: Sure. Wait. Hey bud. Move your car. I was here first!
Driving Officer: Ah. Forget it. Just keep driving.
Mr. Smith: So, how am I doing? Can I just take a peek at your notes?
Driving Officer: No! And, uh, watch out. Mr. Smith. Now you're tailgating the vehicle in front of us.
Mr. Smith: Oh, yeah. I'm just so excited about getting my license today. [Right.].
Driving Officer: Okay. Now carefully, CAREFULLY turn right here, and wait, wait, WAIT . . .STOP!! You almost hit that pedestrian . How in the world did you pass the written test anyway? [Well . . .]You have to give way to any pedestrians crossing the street. Jeez!
Mr. Smith: Oh. sorry about that. It won't happen again.
[Car screeching to a stop . . .]
Driving Officer: Whoa! Get out! [What?] Get out! I'm driving back to the office.
Mr. Smith: Does this mean I didn't pass the test?
Driving Officer: Look, Mr. Smith. Could you do me a favor? When you come back to take the test again, plan on coming on Friday.
Mr. Smith: Again? Why? Is it less crowded that day?
Driving Officer: No. It's my day off.
“Let’s get you down for an appointment. Does tomorrow at 1
p.m. or 3 p.m. work better for you?”
“I’m not sure what time I will be able to come by. But I’ll stop by
sometime in the afternoon.”
Caller:
“I understand you’re busy, the work week is hectic! Let’s get you
down for 1 p.m. just in case so you have a guaranteed time.
There’s a chance if you walk in without an appointment, I will be
unavailable. I’m committed to helping you find what you need.
Great, your salesperson has the appointment by this point. Now lets make sure they tie
up every loose end. Something as simple as forgetting to provide directions could cost
your dealership a sale. Don’t let your prospects accidentally end up at the dealership
down the street!
Before the customer hangs up the phone, your salespeople should:
• Ask the customer to grab a piece of paper and a pen
• Give the customer their (sales person) name and number
• Provide directions to the dealership
• Confirm the appointment time
• Promise a follow-up call to confirm the appointment
• Thank them for calling
“Do you have a pen and paper handy? Let me give you my name
and number in case you have any questions.” (Writes down
information)
Salesperson:
“I will call you tomorrow just to make sure this time is still good
for you. Is the number you gave me the best way to reach you?”
(Answer will be yes or no)
Salesperson:
“Do you know how to get to the dealership?” (Provide necessary
directions)
Salesperson:
“Thanks again and I look forward to seeing you tomorrow at 1 p.m.!”
Do the brakes allow to make smooth and abrupt stops? 
What are the car features?
Could you help familiarize me with the vehicle, in terms of adjusting to a comfortable seating position, learning the controls, etc?
What is the mileage
What is the global ncap rating of the car
Is there any online website?
Does the car have air bags?
How much average does the car give in the city and highway?
What are the unique features of this car which are different from competition?
Do you want to try manual car or automatic car?
What is the mileage of car
How is this car different from the other cars in this segment?
Is there anything unusual or different about the vehicle I need to know?
What are the features of the car ?
What is the mileage on it?
Safety Manual of the car. 
What are the main features of the car? What other amenities will be included? 
What's the best thing about the car/bike
Do I need to make a prior booking before I come for a test drive?
What are the features of the car?
How much is the fuel intake?
Can i test drive with a learning license? 
What are the key features of the car 
How and when can I get a test drive
Beyond off-the-line acceleration, does the vehicle provide good second-effort acceleration between 20-40 mph?
What mileage does the car provide?
For how long should I take the car out?
What is the engine capacity
What bs version is the car
Is there any time slot? If yes can you provide me the available time slots
Does the car have ABS?
What is the difference in the mid model vs top model?
What additional accessories can you offer or what discounts would you give?
What is the specific criteria you are looking in the car?
When is it available if i book it today
Is the car suitable for terrain as well as city drive?
Can you show any pertinent features beyond test drive?
How many of these cars do you sell?
What is the fuel type?
Anything different or unusual about the vehicle
How safe is the car? 
What average does it give
How long is the test drive?
How many air bags does it have?
How many people bought the car right away after the test drive?
Do i have to come to the dealership or will the test drive car be driven home? 
Safety features of the car 
Do I need a valid driving licence
How does the car compare to my current vehicle and what different features do I get.. 
When can we test drive the car?
How low can you go on the price?
Is the vehicle sturdy
What is the service duration
Are there any extra fees?
How much milage does the car give?
How much does it cost on road apart from Ex-Showroom price?
How much is the waiting period ?
You would like to test drive SUV or normal car?
How is on road performance
Is the safety technology an upgraded version in this model?
Do you have any comparison materials?
What is the USP of this car?
What accessories are available with the car?
Asking to show the controls, do's n dont's
What Does the Warranty Cover? 
What special about this car/bike
Can I take more than 2 cars for a test drive?
Automatic or manual?
If I cause any damage to the car while test driving it do I have to buy the car or just pay the expenses? 
Will there be anyone else in the car when i test drive?
Can someone from the store accompany me for a test drive 
Will it be a brand new car
Beyond off-the-line acceleration, does the vehicle provide good second-effort acceleration between 20-40 mph?
What mileage does the car provide?
For how long should I take the car out?
What is the engine capacity
What bs version is the car
How does the car compare to my current vehicle and what different features do I get.. 
When can we test drive the car?
How low can you go on the price?
Is the vehicle sturdy
What is the service duration
Is the price of the car worth for it's features?
Are automatic options available with the same car
Is this car equipped with voice recognition?
Color options
When can we except a new model of this car
Level of comfortability if seniors or childrens are riding in the backseat		
The car price		
Could I come back for a test drive in the night to test the headlights?		
Discounts and payment options		
What is the platform the car is built on		
What service will be provided?		
How many years does the company provide warranty for the car?		
How many years warranty on Engine work and the cost for maintenance!		
What is the top speed it can drive ? How much miles can it go before I sell off..		
Have you ever met an accident while driving car?		
Demo about safety of car		
What does the manufacturer's warranty include?		
What extras can be thrown into the deal for free?
Can i test drive with a learning license? 
What are the key features of the car 
How and when can I get a test drive
About mileage
When can I schedule for a drive 
What’s the mileage of this vehicle?
Do i have to come to the dealership or will the test drive car be driven home? 
Safety features of the car 
Do I need a valid driving licence
How many hours giving to drive
How long will the drive be
Does the car have air bags?
Will there be anyone else in the car when i test drive?
Can someone from the store accompany me for a test drive 
Will it be a brand new car
What new features involved
Do I get to drive
How’s the braking system of the vehicle?
Can i take any route or is it over a fixed route?
Can I book this car after having a test drive 
What happens if it meets with an accident
Safety like abs,air bag etc
Do you have a license
Does the car have power steering ?
What happens of the car gets damaged during test drive? 
Avg mileage of the car 
What happens if the vehicle breaks down in the middle of the road
Can this car run on CNG
What if I don’t have a license 
Are the seats comfortable for long drives?		
What are the after sales services offered ?		
How many safety bags present and the locations?		
Do the brakes allow you to make smooth and abrupt stops		
Any extra cost to be payed while purchasing the car? 		
About the top speed and power		
Can I get the test drive from my doorstep or I need to come to the showroom?		
Average speed of the car?		
How much mileage does it give?		
What happens of the car gets damaged during test drive? 		
Avg mileage of the car 		
What happens if the vehicle breaks down in the middle of the road	
Before you decide on taking a test drive, based on your budget, finalise the specifications and features you absolutely must have on the car. The feature could be as basic as a power steering to something as non-essential as a Bluetooth sound system. Logon to www.carwale.com and research the car models and variants that fit these aspects. If you are still confused about which car to buy and will only decide post a test drive then shortlist a maximum of 3 cars as more the number of car you shortlist, the more confused you will be while making the final decision. 
What are the key features of the car 
How and when can I get a test drive
About mileage
When can I schedule for a drive 
WhatÕs the mileage of this vehicle?
How much does this car cost?
Safety features of the car 
Do I need a valid driving licence
How many hours giving to drive
How long will the drive be
Does the car have air bags?
Does it have an insurance?
Will it be a brand new car
What new features involved
Do I get to drive
HowÕs the braking system of the vehicle?
What does it work on ?
What happens if it meets with an accident
Safety like abs,air bag etc
Do you have a license
Does the car have power steering ?
Do I get a better offers?
What happens if the vehicle breaks down in the middle of the road
Can this car run on CNG
What if I donÕt have a license 
Are the seats comfortable for long drives?
Is it safe	
A: I really love the look of this car.

B: Would you like to test drive this car?

A: Yes, I would love to take it for a drive.

B: I'll go get the keys, and you can get out your Driver's License and Proof of Insurance.

A: Here's my Driver's License and Proof of Insurance.

B: Well, just sign this card, and we'll be on our way. Don't forget to buckle your seatbelt!

A: Can I take it on the freeway to check for acceleration?

B: That would be fine; just don't exceed the speed limit!

A: This car handles great, and I love it!

B: I am glad that you like this car.

A: The styling of this car really appeals to me.

B: Would you like to take this car for a spin?

A: That would be a great idea.

B: Fine, all I'll need from you is your Driver's License and Proof of Insurance.

A: I've got my Driver's License and Proof of Insurance ready.

B: OK, after you sign this card, we'll take a spin. Make sure you buckle your seatbelt!

A: I would like to go on the freeway to test it for speed.

B: As long as you don't exceed the speed limit, that would be fine.

A: Whoa, this car has wonderful pickup!

B: Yes, this is a very popular car.

A: Wow, what a cool car!

B: How about taking this car out for a drive to see if you like how it handles?

A: I would enjoy seeing how it handles.

B: While I'm getting the keys, you just need to take out your Driver's License and Proof of Insurance.

A: I found my Driver's License and Proof of Insurance.

B: Great! Sign this card, buckle your seatbelt, and we'll hit the road.

A: I want to take the car up to freeway speed.

B: Take a left at the next signal to enter the freeway. Just keep it under the speed limit!

A: This car has a nice smooth ride, even on the freeway.

B: You know, I've driven it myself, and I agree with you

hello yes you Tata Motors call centre

I wanted to take a test drive of electric car

scripture which are you looking specifically for that you got the tigor electric ok not used for commercial purposes as of now however I will try to assist you with that tell me about new can you play can I please put your call on hold yes

so can you hear me now I am sorry that is right for the tigor EV is currently not possible we will let you know I will inform you once that is open can I have your name and reference number but I was told from the leadership that is available for test drive is not ready for test drive get for travel purposes

relation good have a confirmed to Transporter or to a bulk buyers in that case

ok but then my friend had taken a test drive some days back

how was it possible today contact the dealership directly

yes you can also contact directly from where your friend has received history I am extremely sorry I am not able to help you on the test track ok thank you ok thank you send it nothing nothing just wanted to test
