Is the vehicle 4 Wheel Drive? if so does it work properly?
Do you have a clean Carfax?		
Do all the windows and locks work?			
Do all of the lights, wipers and stereo work?
Do the turn signals and cruise control work?				
If it hasn't already, will the car pass safety and emissions?					
how many keys and remotes are included with the car?					
Does the car have a spare tire and jack?			
How about a gas cap?		
Ask about rust perforation/ pitting/ rock chips. many cars in inclement areas suffer from this
Hows the condition of glass, it may not have cracks, but are there chips that will become cracks?
Are the roof rack components, interior organizing nets and other factory equipment all in tact and included?
How about a cigarette lighter, cup holder and interior? Are they complete and clean?							
Do the rear defrost and heating elements work?				
Is the catalytic converter and exhaust system intact?				
Does the vehicle leak any fluids such as oil, antifreeze or any other essential fluid?							
How about the tread on tires and wear on brakes?				
Finally, are there any dealer documentary fees or other dealer specific fees that I should know about before I begin my negotiation?											
Why are your prices so much better than most dealers?					
Where do you Source your used cars?			
What kind of inspection do you perform on your used cars?					
Can I order a used car?	
How much do you charge if I would like to locate a vehicle?					
It is an incoming vehicle mean?		
What if I don't like the vehicle that I have a deposit for or I have purchased another vehicle?								
Can I have an Independent inspection performed?				
What if I am not satisfied with condition of the vehicle you locate?					
What is the Engine Capicity		
How many Cylinder	
What is the speed	
What is the milage	
Whether the vehicle is automatic / gear			
What are the interior whether leather fittings				
Odometer available	
Tracking of vehicle from time of booking available				
Open the hood with the engine running and listen for knocks, ticks or hisses.							
Lift up the pad or carpet in the trunk and check for rust.					
Make sure you drive the vehicle above 80–85 km/hr at some point. Many front-end problems aren’t detectable at lower speeds. Does the front end shake, shimmy or vibrate?																	'
Does the vehicle pull to one side or the other when you accelerate? Find a large, empty parking lot. At 35 Kms per hour or so, let go of the steering wheel; does the vehicle pull to one side or the other?																			
Apply the brakes; does the pedal feel squishy? Does the vehicle pull to one side or the other when braking?										
Always get new tyres installed after purchasing the car, never trust old tyres (my personal opinion).									
This is the most complicated/expensive part to maintain/replace.
Check for any possible oil leaks on the engine itself, if present this means that one of the oil seals have given way, usually cheap to repair.												
check the battery	
Check the alternator: Again using the multimeter, follow this link for a detailed guide on how to check it, I am pointing it out here since a new alternator is cheap but the labor cost is massive								
Check for any burnt smell (usually unlikely but give it a shot)					
Cold Start: Do this step, in the beginning, have someone start the car and look at the exhaust; if you see a lot of black smoke then you have problems.	
CEL check: Check for the check engine light; if it's ON then you have issues with the sensors or the ECM.									
Belts: have a look at the serpentine belt, the one which connects the compressor to the engine and alternator, check for dry rot there.												
check service records: Insist on having look at service records, look if any parts have been changed. check if the timing belt or chain has been replaced.													
Idle check: do a cold start and wait for some time, check if the car is idle properly and not cutting off, if it is then might be issue with fuel delivery or intake.
Cranking: Check if the car is cranking properly and does not require you to crank it like a mad man to start.									
Start the car, put it into first and move, note if you are having any issues in getting off the line.								
Check if you don't grind the gears while shifting.				
To check the clutch, put the car in second or third while standing still and release the clutch, the vehicle should nudge and shut off, if you have issues with the clutch plate or the assembly then your car will keep on moving instead of stopping								
Put the car in reverse, it should not grind. (not a major issue)					
I am not an automatic driver so here is a link to how to check auto transmission (just make sure your car does not jerk while shifting into modes abruptly)														
manually inspect the coil/damper for any oil leaks to know their condition.						
On a car with McPherson type suspension check if the shocks are not completely wedged into the body(sort of depends on the vehicle type)												
While the car is still started it and turn the steering full left and right, you should not hear any clanks or creeks from the con rods.											
Take it out on a drive, find small and big potholes on the road, insist on going bad roads, check if your car does not hit with a thud while going over bumps. ( unless you are buying a sports variant which will)								
Look at the service history for any previous accidents, this is important since lower control arms do not break easily but when they do they cost a lot to fix.														
First and foremost, pop the bonnet, look underside of the bonnet for any repair work, check if the rubber seal around the bonnet is intact, if you spot any abnormalities even in the paint it means the car has had a frontal collision.								
Check for rust on the underside of the car, check if the subframe (outline of the car) is intact and not dents or deforming is there.											
Check if all the panels fit properly else the car might have been involved in a crash.							
Though subjective, check for the paint job and overall dents on the body (I personally don't mind scratches)									
Steering alignment, check if the steering is aligned properly by doing a test drive( also notice the free play of the steering										
Check if the power steering is working, it should not be hard.
Check if the aircon is working and the AC works on all the settings (if not auto climate control) pop the hood check if the compressor is engaging.													
Have a look at the interiors especially under the carpet for any rust, if so then the underside has a leak through which rain water can seep in.												
check if the brakes are functioning properly and you can actually stop the vehicle depending on the pressure you apply.										
Check for any rough sensation on the foot while breaking (might be issue with master cylinder)								
watch out for any squeaking sound or burning smell from the brakes.(can be fixed easily)								
Have a look at the disc ROTOR, if it's rusted then the car has been standing still for a long time, look at any rough edges or damages to the rotor if so you need to change the pad together on both side will be sort of expensive.								
Since it's the law in the UK I advise you to have the measuring device but there will be small studs on the tyres which indicate the wear points (sorry for no image will update when I get time)								
Tyres should have even wear throughout if not then might have the issue with the camber adjustment.	
There should be no abnormal deformities in the tyre like a bubble.						
Check the alloys for any cracks.	
hello hello Tata Motors call centre
my name is Suresh 5231 my sister is there any issue with your vehicle this sum two weeks back and now there is a lot of noise coming in from the am sorry to hear that since how long are you having this problem it's ok ok call the dealership but there was no response I request you can you please sir restate your problem
discount on the gifts that's all I know that I am not very technical writer not understand what is going on in space ok going on for the last one was ok I think this number you are calling from Azure registered number and I don't get the call back again
elegant positive after 24 hours to confirm
thank you thank you sir
What happens when your car battery does not function properly?
The battery is possibly the most important component of your car Sure the engine, brakes, steering and gearbox might help the car run and function but without a battery, your vehicle would just sit idle on the driveway 
The fully functioning battery is known to prevent car starting problems but there are other issues that do take place if your battery is not working appropriately and needs to be checked, repaired or changed 
The worst situation that can arise is your vehicle faces a lot of problems due to the car battery not working efficiently and your vehicle coming to a halt in the middle of nowhere 
You can avoid such a problem and ensure that a faulty battery is not one of the reasons why the car won’t start 
This handy troubleshoot ensures you don’t face car problems that may arise from a poorly functioning battery Here are some signs that could arise if your car battery is not working properly 
Dim headlights: Driving at night requires bright headlights and one of the major signs of your car battery not working efficiently is if the headlights of your car are dim The best course of action would be to get the battery checked out as the component powers many other parts of your vehicle too 
Warnings lights on the dashboard flash: This has to be the biggest sign that there is something wrong with your battery Almost every car now features a warning light which flashes on the dashboard if there is an internal problem with the battery or any electrical unit Of course this does not always mean that the battery is about to die as faulty wiring or a loose connection can also be the reason for the lights to flash 
Engine crank problems: Sometimes it is difficult to start the car as the engine is rather slow and sluggish and makes a cranking sound This is also due to a problematic battery and is one reason why the car won’t start will face major battery related issues in the long run As soon as your vehicle starts making such a noise, this is a sign of the car batter not working well and the experts should be called to deal with the issue 
Swollen battery case: A vehicle being used in extreme weather conditions can lead to the battery case looking bloated and larger than normal The car battery features a lot of chemicals and excessive heat or cold weather does have an effect on this component of your car A swollen battery case might not cause car starting problems at the get go but over time, this will affect your vehicle’s functioning 
Rotten smell under the hood: As batteries contain a range of chemicals, a faulty one could be leaking some gas which smells like rotten eggs This can happen due to a chemical leak or overcharging or with the freezing of a battery due to cold weather and is another tell-tale sign that the component must be replaced Sulphuric acid could also leak and this chemical could damage other parts of your vehicle, hence it is recommended to call the professionals when dealing with a corrosive material like acid 
Working on these issues isn’t the easiest task in the world and to help you out with your battery related problems Exide provides a fantastic service named the "Batmobile" 
The next time you need a troubleshooter for your car problems, especially battery related ones, call the experts at Exide and let them get to the root of the issue 
The problem: Uneven tyre wear 
Recognise it: It may not be obvious when driving that your car’s tyres are unevenly worn, but worn tyres can be dangerous due to their reduced grip on the road A quick check will tell you if your tyres are worn unevenly The easiest way is to jack up your car and inspect each tyre individually, noting whether there are any bald spots on the inside or outside of the tyre, or whether there are any dips and dents in the tyre tread 
The problem: Problems starting the engine 
Recognise it: Your car either takes a long time to start, or the car simply won’t start at all 
The problem: Air conditioner not working 
Recognise it: Your air con will switch on, but you notice it’s just blowing room-temperature air around rather than cold air 
The problem: Engine overheating 
Recognise it: You may notice steam or smoke coming from your bonnet, or the needle on your engine temperature gauge may be through the roof 
The problem: Noisy brakes 
Recognise it: You’ll know it when you hear it!
Your new battery is dead Cause - It's not your new battery It is your alternator 
Some new rattle inside the car Cause - You've hit a hump/pothole large enough to shake some parts loose Solution - Locate the sound source Buy some sound deadening adhesive (If you are a miser, you can go for a chewing gum for small applications) Apply it to places yourself, only if you can put back the parts you pull out 
White exhaust smoke Cause - Coolant or Engine oil is leaking into the combustion chamber, due to a faulty gasket 
There is some odd fluid smell in your garage Cause - Probably some fluid leak somewhere Check the floor under the car 
The steering wheel is vibrating Cause - Unbalanced wheel, probably due to some rough road action In worst cases, it's a faulty steering rack 
Squeals from under the bonnet Cause - The serpentine belt (or fan belt as you may have heard), is slipping 
Overheating of the engine Cause - Low coolant level, coolant leakage or a faulty thermostat (Device that controls the flow of coolant from the radiator to the engine)
Your car won't start, still Cause - Faulty spark plugs 
Squeals while braking Cause - Brake pads are faded, or there is a lot of brake dust on the discs/drums 
Completing routine service and maintenance is vital to keeping your car, truck, or SUV running strong. At times, however, car issues will arise, and every vehicle will display certain warning signs. To reduce the potential for breakdown, and expensive repairs, we've listed the 12 most common car problems that tend to pop up.
1. Warning Lights
A warning or check engine light is the most common issue for US car, truck and SUV owners. These lights illuminate when the vehicle’s ECU (engine control unit) detects an error code triggered by a sensor. Since there are more than 200 possible warning code, having a professional mechanic complete a warning light inspection is the best way to determine the source and make the right repairs.
2. A Sputtering Engine
The engine runs best when air and fuel properly mix and burn in the combustion chamber. To efficiently complete this process, a series of fuel and ignition system components must work together. Though many moving parts help an engine run properly, engine sputtering or misfiring is one of the leading problems. To reduce engine misfiring or sputtering issues, make sure to replace fuel and 
ignition system components as recommended by your manufacturer.
3. Poor Fuel Economy
When the engine is running efficiently, it burns fuel at a rate that helps improve fuel economy. However, several fuel system parts like fuel filters, air filters, mass air flow sensors, and O2 sensors will eventually get dirty or wear out.
 If this happens before they are replaced, it will cause the engine to consume more fuel than usual. 
Again, being proactive about routine servicing provides the solution.
4. Dead Battery
Most car batteries should last about three years or 50,000 miles. A dead battery is usually caused by reduced amps – or electrical currents – which naturally decrease as the battery loses its ability to maintain a charge. A damaged alternator, battery temperature sensor, or other charging system components can expedite this issue. It’s best to replace your car battery every 50,000 miles or three years, even if it’s not showing signs of damage.
5. Flat Tires
While most tires become flat after striking an object or being punctured, it’s possible for simple wear and tear to be the main source. Extend your tire's lifespan by keeping them properly rotated, as recommended by your vehicle manufacturer. Generally, rotating tires every 5,000 miles (or when you change your engine oil) is the best advice.
6. Brakes Squeaking or Grinding
Like any other moving part on your car, the brake system is intended to wear out over a designated period of time. Brakes are vital for safe stopping, so when they display any symptoms of issues, like squealing, squeaking or a soft brake pedal – it should be inspected by a professional mechanic as soon as possible. While minor problems can cause squeaking or squealing noises, once the brakes start grinding, it’s a definite sign they need to be replaced.
7. Alternator Failure
The alternator is the part on your vehicle that keeps all electrical systems running once the car starts. It’s also responsible for supplying a charge to your battery to keep it in peak condition. When an alternator breaks, it will eventually cause the battery to wear out prematurely and other starting issues. Check your recommended service intervals and replace the alternator before it breaks to avoid this hassle.
8. Broken Starter Motor
The starter motor is responsible for cranking your engine over, which begins the starting process. When this component fails, it’s usually because the electrical solenoid has been damaged, the starter motor breaks, or another electrical fault occurs – like a starter relay, for example. While a starter can be replaced before it breaks, it’s difficult to predict when this will happen. It’s best to have a car-starting inspection to determine the problem before assuming it's the starter.
9. Steering Wheel Shaking
Multiple issues can cause the steering wheel to shake while driving. If it happens right after starting your car and beginning to drive, wheel bearings or damaged suspension components are often the source. If it happens at higher speeds, it’s typically a tire/wheel balance issue. Regardless, having a professional mechanic inspect the vehicle at your location is the best way to correctly diagnose and resolve this issue.
10. Failed Emissions Test
Most US states require an emissions test to register your car, and a failed test can occur for many reasons. In several states, if a check engine light illuminates, it’s an instant fail. Most emissions centers will let you know why the vehicle failed the test, so you can contact a mechanic to complete the necessary repairs.
11. Overheating
You might suspect overheating to be higher on this list, but in reality, it occurs rarely. In most modern cars, the cooling system is very complex, containing multiple sensors that monitor coolant temperature, flow and other components. Staying on top of radiator flush services and changing the water pump before it breaks are two easy ways to reduce the potential for overheating issues.
12. Slipping Automatic Transmission
When properly maintained, an automatic transmission can last for more than 200,000 miles without trouble. The modern automatic transmission is a hydraulic system comprised of several seals, gaskets, and lines that can become damaged, clogged with debris, or leak. When this happens, a transmission will ‘slip’ or not shift smoothly. To avoid this common car problem, stay on top of the recommended transmission service for your vehicle.
All cars require maintenance to remain operable. Even when you stay on top of suggested support services, like oil changes and tire rotations, issues will occur. Driving style or car model may leave your car more prone to certain problems than others. Check out Car Complaints to see specific car troubles you want to be aware of for your car’s make, model, and year. No matter your choice of vehicle, you’ll want to be on the lookout for the previously listed car problems.
Worn Brake Pads
One of the most dangerous problems a car can have, brakes naturally wear down over time. That's why it's so important to keep up with their maintenance; the trick is to catch the problem long before true failure. Certain factory defects can make this difficult, however, as affected brake pads and rotors wear down much more quickly than expected.
Excessive Oil Consumption
It's a fact of life: Your car will need fresh oil to stay functioning. However, if you're finding it's needing changes and top-ups more frequently than it should, there might be a problem. Early signs you need to check your oil include a minor dip in performance and the ever-dreaded oil light on your dashboard. When your car is in a particularly dire need of an oil change, you may even start to see corrosion in its engine. Another oil-related complaint is the clogged oil filter. You'll probably see this problem if you've waited too long to change the oil. While modern cars come with systems that are equipped with filter bypasses, Its a good rule of thumb to change the filter whenever you change the oil.
Uneven Tire Wear
While many flats and blowouts are due to external forces, they can also be attributed to factory defects in the tire itself. Some tread wear is normal over time, but excessive tire wear early on is not. Additionally, if your tires are wearing out unevenly or you feel a vibration through your steering wheel, your suspension is probably in need of alignment.
Radiator Leaks 
Corrosion is the typical culprit when it comes to radiator leaks. However, the root cause of corrosion can be anything from poor maintenance to factory defects to contaminated fluid. In general, it makes more sense to replace a radiator rather than patch it up. That first leak means corrosion has already set in and that more leaks will follow soon. Whichever course you decide to take, avoid driving your car before its fixed — A leaky radiator can lead to overheating and even an engine fire.
How can I get a quote for my damaged car instantly?
It's simple and it takes less than 90 seconds... click the button below to get started and find out how much your vehicle is worth!
Cracked Windshield
While it still takes an errant rock or some other heavy catalyst, many car windshields are rolling off the assembly line with stress defects that make them more vulnerable to damage. Small ones may seem like a cosmetic problem, but any cracks can potentially compromise the structural integrity of your vehicle.
Emission System
Your car's emission system includes everything it needs to run efficiently while minimizing pollution. However, it also includes some sensitive equipment prone to problems. O2 sensors tell your car how much oxygen to put in the fuel mixture. Faulty O2 sensors will result in your car running less efficiently.
Evaporative Leaks
High outside temperatures cause the fuel in your gas tank to expand. 
Without some venting, that pressure would build and damage your gas tank. However, since these fumes are also toxic, modern cars are equipped with a system of specialized vents and devices to keep this pollution from hitting the open air. Problems with this system are called evaporative leaks. Loose gas caps are by far the most common evaporative leaks, causing roughly half of newer car repairs based on the "check engine" light. While a gas cap costs only a few dollars to replace, ignoring that warning can lead to catalytic converter failure, a problem that will run you over $1,000 to solve.
Malfunctioning Sensors
Tata Motors — quality of the product [Resolved]
 Reddy.rvb@gmail.com on Aug 20, 2019
I have purchased tvs wego in march 2018 for my daughter, when i have the vehicle for first service, i noticed vehicle is pulling one side. 
When i informed service centre, they said it will free up once it clocks 1000km. 
Now it's 2900km and the issue still exist. I have changed the service centre and they said fork got bend. Unhappy with the quality of the vehicle.
Check and do if something can be done...
Modern cars run with the help of an array of high-tech sensors, but those come with their own issues. Faulty fuel-air sensors are some of the most common, with pricey replacements at around $250 or more.
Transmission
Your car's transmission is basically a gearbox that converts the power generated by the engine into rotational force (torque) the wheels can use. Unfortunately, it's also one of the most frequent sources of complaints. 
Over time the gears can wear down, resulting in the transmission not being able to shift gears properly. Eventually, the whole transmission will fail. That’s a multi-thousand-dollar fix.
Transmission Fluid Leaks
Your vehicle's transmission requires a special fluid to keep its components well lubricated. In cars with automatic transmissions, transmission fluid also works as a hydraulic fluid and coolant. Over the course of your car's life, small holes can form anywhere in this system, such as in the fluid lines, seals, or gaskets. 
These tiny tears allow transmission fluid to escape, causing a leak. If the leak is bad enough to lower the overall fluid levels, your transmission will lose efficiency and may eventually fail, whether from overheating or internal pressure loss. Leaks can also come from cracks in the transmission pan that collects excess fluid. When that happens, you'll probably see a big red puddle under your vehicle.
Clogged Filter
Transmission fluid can also get dirty over time as it picks up particulates, which include everything from flaked off bits of metal to everyday grime. 
Many transmissions have filters to strain out these particulates, but they can themselves become clogged over time. 
However, since the transmission is supposed to be a closed system, excessive contaminants point to the possibility of serious defects or beyond-repair wear.
Water Damage
Liquids can also leak into the transmission, such as the case with water dripping from the radiator or the whole unit getting soaked through from serious flooding. 
However it got there, water mixing with transmission fluid is bad news. Even a very small amount of water can lead to transmission failure. This is because water directly damages the components of the transmission system, wearing away glue and rusting metal.
Electrical Problems: Speakers
Another common source of complaints for modern cars come from problems in their extensive electrical systems. Electrical gremlins can infect any system. Few are more annoying than the speakers failing, because we all like to rock out. Sometimes, the connections for the speakers wiggle off, preventing the speakers from working. 

If this happens, just pull the speaker out and reattach the wires.
Lights
Whether a burnt out bulb or a poor connection, if your headlights, brake lights, or turn signals are out, you've got a safety issue on your hands. While the bulbs themselves are lasting longer than ever, corrosion and poor wiring is still a major concern.
Dead Battery
The cause may be a defect or mistreatment — hot summers or that one time you may have accidentally left a light on for a day (or five) — dead batteries are a frequent cause of panic among car owners. While repairs can be as simple as getting a jump from a neighbor, most batteries need to be replaced every three to six years.
Cosmetic Issues and Other Minor Annoyances
Luckily not all common car problems need your immediate attention. Scratches, yellowing headlights and streaky windshields can be very annoying. But, they can also be fixed very easily. A bit of cleaner wax and touch-up paint will take care of minor scratches. A plastic restoration kit makes your headlights crystal clear again. And, a new pair of windshield wipers will prevent streaking.
Paint Problems
From discoloration to chipping to scratches, auto paint defects are some of the most visible car problems to have. While most are a nuisance, keep in mind that rust spots can lead to major structural damage if left unchecked.
Faulty Windows
As power windows have become the norm, car owners have seen the rise of one big annoyance: Windows that don't roll all the way up. While not too worrisome on its own, remember that too much of a gap makes you vulnerable to theft and water damage.
Faulty Starter
Does your car take longer than usual to start? If that’s the case and you hear a clicking sound before your car starts, your starter may be starting to fail. It’s a common problem that is pretty easy to repair. But, fix it fast, because if it fails your car won’t start.
Falling Gas Mileage
Believe it or not, your gas mileage is very dependent on the maintenance of your engine.
Regular oil changes, replacing your engine air filter and changing your spark plugs will all make sure your car gets the most miles per gallon.	
I bought tata tiago nov.2016 but currently fuel pump of the car is not working properly, it will cost around 10500 rs.
But it is giving problem from 2 year. 
Company did gave any solution till now 
My request is that if allmost all the tata tiago facing that type of problem that should be covered under the manufacturing defect of the product.
Please help replace asap under warranty either i will file court cash against tata.
I brought tiago xzo petrol in june but after taking it to ghat road and normal road it is not taking pick up as most of other car taking take...
Really there's is problem in tata petrol fule pump... Taigo is it giving pick o road as their may be problem in fuel pump as it short. For fuel... I have reviewed all complaint on consumer forum about tata toiago is of fuel pump... Rectify the issue as early a possible......
Tata Motors — tata zest brake hub & drum rusted
Jestin John on Aug 7, 2019
I had bought my tata zest xt in 2016. 
Now since jan 2018, i was having a problem of back wheel getting jammed if i don't drive the car for 2 to 3 days. 
The vehicle will move only after a thud noise as if some lock is released and then for some km's the wheels will make some noise. 
I had complained this to tafe service center at greams road but even after multiple services, the problem is not solved.
They are saying that the hub and drum are rusted which is true as i saw that last time at the service center, photos enclosed. 
I am pretty sure that it is because of defective material or else how is...
Hi i am use last 6 months tiago i am very happy to see mileage in odometer showing 18 to 20 km/l 
But practically actual it's consumption is 14 to 16 km/l 
It very wrong & i am complaint in service center also but no results is coming they are check full to full tank on highway for 30 km 
But this time milage is 22 -24 km /l & showing 
Same 
But after this we continue check 4-5 times its showing 19-22 km/l but actual is 14 to 16 km/l 
Am check so many times with different - different fuel pump 
But results is same 
Practically mileage is very...
Problem: 
1. Missing and Missfire
2. Low PickUp
Tata sales team is Worst, I was getting a lot of problems while purchasing a car.
(video also Available on Youtube with 1lakh + views ) 
Now, I have TATA Tiago XZA (RJ 45 CE 3613). I took my car 7 times at Tata motors service centre After Second Service. 
Total 9-times include first and second service, I took my car a lot of time in the service centre which is not in the record. 
Problem is not solved yet.
I have bought Tata Nexon car on 15th of may .. within a month of buying it we have faced issue with coolant twice.
And also facing issue while taking reverse. It a brand new car but have faced issues more than thrice.
How can Tata say Nexon is a safest car.
Please help us to return this car as we didn't get this car as gift bought we bought with our hard earned money. 
So, Why I have to buy a New Car. 
When I get the same problem and feel with the Second-hand Car.
The music system is not working except 92.7. 
I have driven my car just about 7800km, but the bolt underneath the driver'sseat have s broken. How come. I never drive my car at a high speed. About herman, i have been asked to pay for further recharge by basudeb and sons. But nothing is mentioned in the contract. My navi map is also not working. 
Kindly do the needful.
Custmer care services is very disgusting, called so many times but didn't get any response from them.
Need to raise a complaint for tata zest car as car is not working even after the services from service center itself.
So many times we need to go to service center and raise a complain for that but they didn't any help.
They hold car for 10-10 days and more than 10 days but again the car condition was same.
This is mohit karamchandani, i have purchased my harrier on 15th of march 2019. Its only been a month and this is what happening with my car. 
The touchscreen display isnt working, even when i was closing my car, these types of little problems are coming which is absolutly not a goos sign for a new branded car, and it gives me the feeling of consumer disatisfaction. 
I live in agra, and i have purchased my harrier from ashok auto sales ltd., its only been a month and many problems are occuring. 
I have drived this car today only 10km but after the journey this is what i saw. The touch was'nt working and the engine of the car was still on when i lock my car. 
I really want you guys to fixs this problem off. This is what tata is making its image to their customers?. 
My car is in the warrenty time period i want you guys to replace my car. 
This car is defected. I want you guys to take any action against it, otherwise, it will make a bad impression of tata product to me. 
And i will make sure to socialise this video if you will not take any action againt it.. My name is mohit karamchandani, i live in kamla nagar, agra. 
I have purchased my car from ashok auto sales ltd. My contact no. Is [protected], car model is (Xt)
The ac is not working and stop working automatically after few minutes you switch on the ac. This issue is intermediate and occurrence percentage very high in day when outside temperature is hot.
I visited the moti nagar, delhi service station and they were not able to detect the issue and now the problem re-occurred.
I am struggling with this and really not happy with this. 
malfunction light on. Vehicle jerking and fuel smell. 
The problem was looked into and hopefully resolved yesterday 25.04.2019, by your authorised service centre urs kar service centre (P) ltd dewans road mysoremr ponnanna [protected]. I was informed the problem was related to spark plug and that it had to be cleaned as there was misfire. 
I was charged rs 295 for standard checks dtc check up. 
Whom so ever it may concern, 
I have bought a new tata nexon xz+ in january end, this year. 
Since the day of purchase i have encountered numerous problems in the car and since then it has been in the company service for 7-8 times in span of this 6 months.
1) initially when it the vehicle was purchased, it was releasing high vibrations while shutting down the engine, 
after servicing it twice in company service station, in third service it was identified that a clamp was missing from very first day (Told by your officials)! 
I had just given the car for service on march 14th 2019 and had paid rs 3000/
I bought Tata ZEST petrol version 1.5 year back, at 9500 km my clutch plate is burn and 
I have been asked to pay RS. 4350 for parts and RS. 5300 as a labour charge including GST.
My car is in warranty period.
I think Tata motors should seriously look into it.
I was planning to buy Maruti Breeza but I bought Tata ZEST XM.
I think buying Tata product is my mistake, all my friends had warned me before buying Tata car but I didn't listen to them.
I have been facing issues with the non-linear acceleration of the car every time when it is in reverse mode and also at times during it is moving forward in 2-3 gear (Auto mode). 
Once it had a break down and the service center guys (Hyson motors, thrissur) took it and told us that it is a throttler issue and they fixed it. 
But we have been facing this issue in i have escalated this issue during our first service and they have not taken any action saying there are no error codes when they scanned. 
I doubt there were no mechanical check happened on the car like performance testing of fuel pumps, map sensors or even the spark plugs to resolve this issue. 
Hyson motors service team has asked us to take the car after service without resolving the issue. Which is not acceptable for us.
My name is unmesh. I would like to raise a complaint regarding faulty product. 
I have purchased nexon diesel car on 21st feb18.
Immediately after a week or so, i have started experiencing sudden jerks while driving. 
While driving, car doesnt drive seamlessly and there is a huge noticeable pause while accelerating the car. 
It happens so frequently. I hv raised this issue during all my service visits and also in between. 
This is disappointing that no one is really seems to be interested in addressing this issue permanently.
From last one i am complaining you for above subject line, but i am not getting any concern from you and from your Goa auto industries.
You are telling send contact no via private message where is your private no to send message.
CEAT LIMITED saying that there Tyre warranty for 1 lakh Km. Then why my Tyre damage on 12000 Km. 
Why the A/C is not working.
I’ve brought tiago on dec 2018 from kvr dream vehicles. 
Earlier time itself i was feeling trouble on the acceleration.. 
When we release the acclearator from a 4th or 5th gear, the vehicle push forwards itself kinda jerking.. 
And i’m gettng a mileage of 11 - 12 kmpl!!! 14 without ac..
While talking about the power it feels like old maruthi 800 is so far better!!! 
Can someone explain this!!! 
My nexon xza+ delivered on 22/03/2019. Yesrerday onwards automatic gear not changing from first gear and it resulted in traffic block three times, 
this happened when we slow down the vehicle, as the manual mode functioned we escaped, service center people came and checked and they had only one 
answer nexon is a super vehicle and ours is first complaint, chasis number mat627265klc11943, hope we will get a good reply, also expect a call from tata motors as we didn't get any call from tata from the beginning
Is there any way to get rid of these..
From the day 1, i am facing lot of issues 
1. When car is move to reverse gear the steering gets tighten.
2. The digital screen gets blacken up automatically and comes back after some minutes multiple times.
Please Contact me [protected] urgently. within 24 hour Or i will put on all the issue on internet (Facebook, Twitter) about your TATA Motors Product and your service.
Every time, service dealer either updates the software or clears the logs. Issue remains same. 
I s s rana, owner of s s rana tour & travels has purchased 3 no. Of 15 seater winger from m/s. Pascos, delhi branch. 
Two winger in the month of october vide invoice no ipaskn[protected] & ar[protected] dated 29.10.2018 and one winger in the month of december vide invoice no. Ipaskn[protected] dated 11.12.2018 from the very first month of purchased 
i have in facing the problem firstly due to shortage of engine oil. The matter was intimated to workshop of pascos and the oil was toped up with the confirmation that the problem not occurred again. But i am sorry to say the problem has not resolved. 
Moreover i have in facing a problem of clutch plate and shocker in all the three vehicles. 
The vehicle is no being cooled properly by ac, after a lot of harassment and miss commitment to me from the problem still unresolved as on date and thereby i am facing cancellation of my booking from my clients. 
Due to this problem i am not able to pay my emi to the bankers and a lot monetary trouble is being faced by me. 
This is a dented over the confidence of winger.
First and foremost i thank you very much to your customer care personnel for arranging the towing vehicle and towed at dealer's service centre.
I am your one of the reputed customer and so far i have purchased three vehicles from your dealers.
Though this vehicle was purchased in 2017 the make was 2016 and i have run this vehicle around 75000 km within two years.
The customer care advised me that this vehicle is under warranty and therefore i need not pay anything for this sudden break down on road.
Accordingly the vehicle was taken in to tiruchirappalli city, and the dealer is m/s. Kaveri garage pvt. Ltd., located at 27/5, dindigul main road, dheeran nagar, piratiyur, tiruchirappalli - 620 009.
The dealer was unable to diagonize the fault throughout the day on 25.03.2019 and today on 26.03.2019 called me and told that there is complaint in ecm board which will cost around rs. 9000.00 
and that i have to pay because the vehicle is not covered under warranty as the vehicle already run 75000km as against 60000 km but time limit of four years.
I just wondered by hearing this and i am in opinion of tata nano vehicles could be run at the maximum of 60000 km and there after there is no life guarantee for the vehicle.
Please consider this sudden break down under warranty and do the needful
Yo are kindly request to resolved the issue as soon as possible.
And i am surprised that despite of so many complaints raised by many owners on same issue, tata motors doesnt' seems to be taking any action in order to bring permanent fix to this issue. 
Not sure how they will be able to compete with the international brands.
I am complaining about my tata Tiago car xz diesel, I inform you that after 72000km check engine light (open injector circuit) issue come and it's not resolved after three time service by tata workshop(tata tero workshop, South Delhi) .
l am worrying about my money and time because my problem of car not resolve by tata workshop.
l request you to that please resolve my car problem early.
I have purchased tata tiago xm in april 2018 (Up20-be9575) which has completed 5467 km only.
Now this is to bring in your notice that i was travelling to local market mayur vihar phase-3 new delhi on 10 march 2019 around 11 am, while travelling on the road suddenly front left side tyre got burst and 
when i check the rim of the tyre also got damage (Even on the 
Plane road, pics attached herewith fyr).
I tried to change the spare stepney with the damage tyre but it couldn't fit the rim due to some other damage in the stand near the tyre and rim.
I have already shown the car with the help of crane at the nearest tata service center who were also shocked to see the condition of the tata tiago xm.
Now firstly i would like to ask from tata company that what type of quality you people are providing to your valuable customers??
What if me and my family who were sitting in the same tata tiago xm at the same time of the incident got hit or got injured then who is supposed to be responsible for that? Am i?? No!!! 
Even my child who was sitting on the front seat and got hit in the left window.
Also, i'm suffering due to inconvenience for non-availability of transport in my home.
My tata tiago is still standing at tata service center b-123, sagar motors sector 5, noida - 201301.
Being a loyal customer i have faced this great issue in which any big incident could take place, so with the great repo of the tata company, 
i would like you to resolve the concern and repair the damage parts of my tata tiago xm which got damage due to bad quality of your product tata tiago xm.
Waiting for your prompt response!!
I have purchased tata nexon xz+ diesel from kamal and company bajaj nagar jaipur in jan-19. I'm 7th mar 19 i took my car for first service and reported following issue 
1. Drop in pickup 
2. Vibrating breaks at high speed 
3. Android auto restarting automatically after every few minutes 
4. Rattling sound from engine 
5. Hollow roof causing tin like noise in rains which is very irritating 
6. Central locking not responding sometime 
7. Steering making rubber clinching sound
8. Jerk in clutch 
bought my TATA Tigor from Tata dealer Concorde motors Mohan Cooperative Delhi. 
They took Rs 671896/- from me(Rs 541896 as cash and Rs 130000/- for my old car) and given me receipt of Rs 637871/- only. 
From last 45 days i am asking for the difference amount but they are not clarifying the same. I have mailed to dealer as well as to TATA customer care but of no result.
Also there are many many minor issue with the quality of car. 
left rear side door is scratching the body. 
harnessing for seat belt is lying open. 
Boot upper side cover is missing which result in all harness inside open. 
Door alignments are not proper which leaves uneven gap at many place.
I am following them from last 45 days but no result.
Dear tata motor
My self suresh sawant, i have purchased tata sumo gold on 03.08.2018. 
After driving around, i have noticed the front both sided wear is defective. 
After that i visited to the showroom at auto industries goa pvt. Ltd, at nuvem but i had not got any response from there unethical behavior from the team, they are saying we are selling the vehicle and defect of vehicle we are not bothered. 
Then i visited again after one month that they had sent me to their service center @ v. N naik road, fatorda, margao. Service center have sent me to ceat limited but ceat limited is saying that the defect is in your vehicle manufacture 
and they will not replace the tyre.
The worst experience with my tata nexon car mh-12paz0903, my car engine was broke down, smoke was coming at bombay central kept in tata's concord motors, worli for 4days, reconfirmed that they have replaced engine,
i have been told that engine has been replaced by new one & only old engine number plate is put, today we reached at sholapur at 5 am, reverse gear is not getting in action, ultimately we had to push it neutral, 
upper lights functioning, leakage of oil in engine, tata nexon worli concorde motors service station, has given worst experience of my life. They were asking for consumable payments of diesel filter, oil filter and oil, 
i told them engine broke down why you are asking me this charges. I had found one small in my car, crank part, it seem they haven't replace engine. 
Can tata manufacture engine without number & use old engine plate!!! 
If tata doesn't replace my car with new one i shall go to consumer court. I shall buy better version of car.
Why i must to suffer and why auto industries goa pvt ltd is dinned of doing the vehicle defect work.
The experience of buying tata sumo gold is completely depressed and disaster for me. Very highy irresponsible company auto industries goa pvt ltd. Nuvem-goa.
I purchased a tata tiago zx petrol version of dec 2018 model yesterday, i. E. 08.02.2019 from your dealer in haryana 'panchkula roller flour mills limited' at panchkula. 
At the time of delivery i noticed that the ac was not working. When i contacted the service manager of the above centre, he said to bring the car to the service centre on sunday i. E. 10.02.2019 for thorough check-up. 
I am highly disappointed due to this major fault in tata tiago zx car! 
I had never faced such a situation in any of my previous car brands like maruti or honda. 
And unfortunately the quality of my aero kit fitment is very very poor.
1. Roof top wrapped with glossy black is in pieces and looks very bad.
2. Mirrors are done black with some local poor quality paper.
3. Dealer says they couldn't fit alloy wheel rim bands, and even if they somehow fit it will get removed soon.
And so dealer has given us those rim bands kept in the boot/dicky.
I purchase tata tiago in panchajanya motor in 2018. I face mileage issue continuously. 
3 time i drop my car in panchajanya service center but my issue not solved because service adviser not a qualified for resolve the problem.
in attached photo mileage observed 15.7 but actual mileage observe is 13.5km/ltr in without a/c. 
My name is nagar babulal patel, i have purchased tata car from active automobiles on 5-3-2018 and
i have paid rs. 6643 for extention of warranty of 100000 km. But till date i can't get the warranty card and the engine of the car 
was failed on 30000 km only company has open my car engine and repair the engine but new issued are always comes from the car. 
Now the music system is failed and when i go to show room for repair the show room takes 5 to 6 days to repair it and that time i have no car to use.in 650000 rs. 
How bad car the company make which engine fails in 30000 kms. 
And now it has 52000 km its audio and information system is failed
I request you take strictly action. 
Tata nexon xz+ ka09md4836. (Purchased on jan -2018) on 24.01.2019 during general check up, observed engine oil traces on exhaust manifold, (Oil leak starts) 
(Within 19556 km)
Our service provider m/s urs car mysore, 
This is very unsafe to drive
I purchased new tiago car on 15th of january 2019 in which i found on inspecting the car that it has rusting in many parts of the car. 
The radiator is also in damage condition. 
Engine also choke some times while shifting gears from 2nd to 3rd position. Rear doors safety rubber guards are also in broken condition. 
Front wiper water sprinkler are also not working properly. 
This is to bring in your notice that i purchased my tata indigo car
(Hr26dl7799) bearing chassis number mat601445fpc14236 in july 2015.
Currently covered 90k km.
During 80k (Feb-18) service there was a noise from engine side and for this
Arya motor has replaced timing belt kit and vehicle delivered to me. After
That similar kind of noise started again from engine. 
Today i reported to arya motor for 90k service and noise concern. When
Dealer service advisor opened hood in front of me. We have noticed lot of
I had contacted the showroom regarding this issues a
nd i tried to explain them all the problems and insisted to go through a full inspection of the car on 20th january 2019 and they took the car for inspection... 
It leads to major fire accident.
Purchased your passenger vehicle tata tigor xz full option in october 2018 at marina motors pathirankavu kozhikode kerala, the issue is that the suspension of the car is too poor while driving on highway and also on offroad the vehicle is jirking roughly. On offroad driving the whole vehicle is shivering. Even the driver and passengers can't travel comfortably. Vehicle covered 2220km and your service men changed three side suspensions even then the problem persist. 
I want a complete diagnosis from your professional service men to resole my problem... Or otherwise take my car back and pay me,,,,,...
Engine oil leaking...
Hi i am ramanathan natarajan, have taken delivery of a new tata nexon xma bearing the registration number: tn14s1488 from concorde chennai omr showroom on jan 4th 2019.
The below are the problems that i am faced with the brand new vehicle.
Issue 1: steering hardening at 30 kmph. 
Complaint no: 1-[protected]
Steering hardness reported on: jan 6th via customer care toll free number. Complaint number: 
Service centre check-up: on jan 9th service centre did a thorough check-up and confirmed that the vehicle has no problem.
It's normal and a safety feature.
Hi, i had given my tata bolt for a general service at adishakti cars bangalore, the car was running fine before service, 
but as soon as i pick it up from the service station not even 2 km the car stops and does not start, the service people tow back my vehicle to the service station then inform me that the oil pump 
has gone, there was no problem before the service but as soon as the service is done this problem arises and now after taking 6800rs for service they expect me to pay 8000rs for the pump, after questioning about the service 
they say they have not checked the oil pump so it is not their fault then what is the use of paying 6800rs it is just like paying money and getting my car damaged.
There is a huge inconsistency while accelerating in secon

d gear in tata nexon. Also shifting from second gear to thurd is really difficult. 
Nexon is and will be my last car from tata. You need to work hard on the quality of your products.
What i believe which is causing this problem is the computer algorithm for auto fuel injection. You should hire better engineers.
We had purchased tata nexon in the month of july 2018. On 2nd day itself moisture content was accumulating in the left headlamp. It was informed that any issue will be rectified on the 1st service. They did not attend the issue. 
On 2nd service we strictly warned that this time moisture issue should get rectified or else we will complaint it to next level. Now they are quoting a silly reason stating that due to installation of cutout the moisture is getting accumulated.
We would like to bring to their kind notice that 2nd day of the vehicle purchase itself the moisture content was seen and only after 10 days we had installed cut out. Before buying a tata car they promise a good after sales service. But this is what we get.
Secondly they have charged (Billed) rs 120 for pick up and drop which is reasonable but while dropping the car the person has taken rs 200. If v r not satisfied with the service then what is the use in buying tata vehicle. Pathetic service... Really disappointed...
I had recently bought tata nexon xza+ on august 27th 2018. I am having lot of difficulties and challenges in my car.
1. Initially i was shown a car before registration with chassis no. But i was given with a different car of chassis no which was not shown to me before registration which indicates the vehicle has been changed. 
2. I am having repeated issues with my car since i bought and had visited almost seven times in last two months for service. 
Below are the complaints which logged so far. 
1. Steering lock issue-visited three times
2. Rust in engine and wheel - two times visited
3. Engine over heat 
Steering lock problem still not resolved and i had faced a horrible issue on yesterday as my steering got lock in the highway while driving. Just imagine the risk, i was driving with my family. Service center people had serviced two times for the same issue, not sure what they did??? But my problem still remains same
Right from taking delivery on 07august 2018 till date the vehicle has given average 10 to 11 km/ litre only
Even at first servicing at concorde motors (India) ltd, pune, on 21.09.2018, vide their sr no.559, under item 2 of customer request, mention of low average (10-12 km/litre) has been clearly written
My last two refill / top ups, has resulted in average of 10 to 11km / litre only
Reading on 27.10.2018, when tank was top filled again, 1077km
I purchased the mega xl from kamal motors in january 2018 registration no mh47 y 1406.
In the last 8-9 months the vehicle has been repaired 6 times including engine repair, turbo, crank et etc.
Now my vehicle is lying in the unitech automobile since last 7 days for change of engine as engine has failed. 
Now the service centre is saying it will take another 15 days for engine to come. 
I need refund or replacement as i am fed up with the vehicle else i will be forced to go to consumer court. 
Need reply asap 
On march 18 2018 i brought new tata tiago xz diesl top model car no. Mh 24 as 4309 after 3 months from buying the ac system has stopped working after 4-5 days i went to showroom they taken my car to service centre at baramati automotive and they filled the gas as there is gas problem 
and again after 1 week again same problem is repeated the took my car to showroom at baramati automotive,
 baramati, pune again the technician in showroom has filled the gas after 3 days again same problem repeated again i have shown the problem to bafna motors latur-maharashtra they also took 6 hrs to do the work on.
I have problem in my tiago xz jearking in 1, 2 and 3 gear and coming petrol smell in the car regularly. I complained regarding jearking when i purchased car before 2 months ago but still no solutions also that time i complained to replace my car but service center gave me assure about that issue has been resolved but he was just wasting my time and money,
so i want that the solution now.
Sir, purchased a new tiago xt on19/10/18 from fairdeal motors jammu with the following salient features
1- heavy vibrations just after start
2- poor pickup while changing the gear
3- ac not working properly
4- too much foog in any environment
1. My car is not starting at some time there is some problem in the car key (Starter).
2. At night in my car there is producing too much fogg.
In any environment.
Whether environment is clear but the fogg problem is not solved.
I already mention both the above issue at the time of 1st serviceing but my problem is not solved.
Visited the tata service/workshop 3 days after the purchase with the following solution
1- heavy vibrations is because of 3 cylinder engine
2- vehicle takes few seconds to pick up power changing gear
3- there was 150 gm less gas in the ac.150gm gas filled but still not cooling well.
Which i aspect from tata motors as his name and brand value....
As per our service provider availability of spares will take more than ten days.
We purchased tata nexon as a safest car, but we are facing very unsafe condition and our all programs are disturbed, 
I am totally disheartened by the product quality and after sales service of tata tiago. It would be great if you could provide me assistance to resolve this issue and take the car out of service center.
The moment i complained for software problem like indicator issue, it was resolved but another problem of fuel indicator not showing when oil is less. 
Again i visted for this and it was resolved but again bluetooth issue not working
. Overall the software is not properly addressed by the service centre for my vehicle no. Ts 08fh 6692.
Sir, i have purchased tata tiago xta model 2017 amt last year.. But now i m very regreat to say that the car is not working properly break fail two time and break oil totally dry n filled it two time. 
 I m also complain to my nearest tata service center but they told that you need the change the part which creat leakage problem in break oil. 
I m very to sad to hear about problem of my car because it very new car only running 8000km if you change the part of car in only 8000km and such big problem arries like break fail than it very bad and worse car.
But this part is not available at their center they asked me to place order for it and told me that it took near about one month to reach,
ow i can run break fail car yaa waiting for one month it very poor service provided by tata motors. I m really very regreat about your very low service to me. 
So please give suggestions to me what can i do? I m very sad about your service n car manufacturer by tata motors. Only 8000 km running car created such big problem like leakage n break fail... 
My complain when addressed was not resolved as they can not do anything with the mechanism as it is all computerised.
If mileage is very poor, that is what will be. 
If want better mileage, then shift and drive only in highways with speed of 40 to 50 kmph, which is ridicules. 
I don't know how was my previous complain resolved without providing a solution and justifying the poor mileage of less than 10 km/lt which the vehicle gives against big claims of high mileage 16km/lt in town driving....
I buy a tata truck 2518 bs4 in august 2018 from daisy motor prt. Ltd hissar. After complete body making work than began on road. We faced  some problems in my tata truck 
The truck jam on road in running time.
Brake leathers jam and abrasion with drums because for that hit generate in tyres.
When i buy turck your company dealer tell me truck fuel average near about 4.5k. M/litre but it not more than 2.5k. M/litre.
A yellow meter indicating repairs blinked on the meter and the options of economy, sport and city were automatically shut down. I called down the tata support...
First I thought this to be some sort of technical glitch, but then it happened occasionally. On a later juncture, I went to Jabalpur. The jerks were continues and after 200 KMS the vehicle was on the verge of shutting down
The first experience of the drive was seemingly smooth and comfortable. After a period of 2 weeks, the car started giving jerks in middle of driving